
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000050                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                       50000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                      50000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                   1633                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 990488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    30.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls00.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls00.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls00.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls00.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls00.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls00.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls01.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls01.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls01.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls01.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls01.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls01.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls02.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls02.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls02.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls02.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls02.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls02.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls03.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls03.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls03.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls03.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls03.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls03.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls04.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls04.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls04.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls04.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls04.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls04.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls05.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls05.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls05.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls05.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls05.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls05.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls06.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls06.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls06.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls06.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls06.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls06.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls07.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls07.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls07.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls07.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls07.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls07.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls08.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls08.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls08.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls08.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls08.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls08.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls09.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls09.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls09.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls09.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls09.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls09.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls10.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls11.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls12.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls13.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls14.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls15.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples       639386                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      639386    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total       639386                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples         639371                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean                 1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean                1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      639371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total           639371                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       639371                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      639371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       639371                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.200436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5050.884482                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.270035                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   185.822604                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.027339                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22213.971201                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.201476                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  4875.765585                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.264515                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   189.670967                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.028599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22289.686046                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.201856                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5128.209036                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.265995                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   192.279534                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.029859                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22244.446251                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.201056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5112.443531                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.264635                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   197.021860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.028319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22238.875522                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.201876                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5189.832643                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.262615                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   188.375492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.029079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22233.638307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.198996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5208.856883                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.264295                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   195.537989                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.027099                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22264.182296                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.200776                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5094.501230                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.263515                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   197.555729                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.029099                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22254.455391                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.200756                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5222.813584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.266895                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   194.409032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.027319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22251.981860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.201476                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5070.961621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.267115                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   192.305974                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.029359                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22267.334913                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.205856                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  4897.682586                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.266735                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   187.382352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.028259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22241.921122                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.200476                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5032.883102                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.263135                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   185.966361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.028259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22260.532089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.200356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5018.492470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.268675                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   183.405872                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.027599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22270.972561                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.202896                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5124.682226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.263795                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   186.490550                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.027599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22264.791844                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.200836                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5090.255815                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.265155                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   191.593788                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.026579                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22238.787284                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.203836                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5136.527949                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.263935                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   196.795004                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.028659                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22227.233175                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.201996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time  5201.325493                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.265495                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_stall_time   203.804644                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.027959                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22245.458431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    78.983920                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time   286.696646                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799784                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     9.418172                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    29.408132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5797.638827                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 21728.419172                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1173.966501                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  4368.161477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798164                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    13.872823                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    43.102838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6011.958661                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22741.111878                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3283.194996                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 12340.313614                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797424                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    45.466851                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   158.776864                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5986.927701                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22705.583348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   724.812124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  2715.502170                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    15.115198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    47.449611                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5851.533589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 21975.355353                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1204.356533                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  4426.706126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799244                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    21.616148                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    71.584508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5727.470711                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 21622.770825                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2862.354413                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10767.807984                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.800944                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    77.956621                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   276.139017                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6044.982400                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22646.044199                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2964.784104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 11279.101218                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799764                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   280.664787                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1040.278254                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6095.009600                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22645.180156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   832.297874                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  3101.717406                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    20.110738                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    67.175296                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5773.099138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 21717.299154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1149.621748                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  4289.336653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.801164                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    14.488070                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    42.635647                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6188.429091                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22912.926701                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    95.629107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time   346.602108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.800344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     7.440631                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    23.281374                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5767.363233                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 21725.916322                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1098.227795                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  4130.172817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797864                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    12.931641                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    42.896222                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5960.505570                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22185.619208                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2770.852603                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10524.785764                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797284                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    34.771225                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   118.692866                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5991.723126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22704.726485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2876.366093                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10812.406232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.801664                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    38.744725                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   131.231215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6079.006980                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22721.348613                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   607.010460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  2277.665927                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797784                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    10.987260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    36.108678                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5858.493290                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 21913.338773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1064.397052                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  3962.180716                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.801124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    50.088918                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   176.710386                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6027.754685                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22074.723886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2634.941581                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  9904.280954                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799184                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    85.604848                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   299.918682                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6089.792524                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22776.656307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads        95989                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes        95989                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity       111535                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity        95972                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity        95972                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       130951                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       130951                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity       170698                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity       130909                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       130909                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads       131082                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes       131082                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity       171088                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity       131040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity       131040                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads        96568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes        96568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity       112574                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity        96557                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity        96557                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads       127463                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes       127463                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity       168248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity       127438                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity       127438                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads       158871                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes       158871                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity       219709                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity       158829                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity       158829                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       159613                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       159613                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity       222194                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity       159556                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       159556                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       128376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       128376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity       167307                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity       128343                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       128343                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       127712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       127712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity       170155                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity       127693                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       127693                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads       159041                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes       159041                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity       219716                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity       158996                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity       158996                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads       159876                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes       159876                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity       222210                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity       159816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity       159816                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads       128118                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes       128118                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity       168917                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity       128090                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity       128090                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads        92965                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes        92965                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity       110790                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity        92951                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity        92951                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads       123732                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes       123732                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity       162342                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity       123698                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity       123698                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       124659                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       124659                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity       164322                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity       124623                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       124623                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads        92960                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes        92960                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity       110764                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity        92943                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity        92943                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |      212331     53.60%     53.60% |      161251     40.71%     94.31% |       22550      5.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total       396132                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |      212433     53.59%     53.59% |      161378     40.71%     94.29% |       22627      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total       396438                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |     4815789                       |     5839362                       |     3972436                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |    36455631                       |   815963164                       |   498698399                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |   22.680574                       |   36.212873                       |  176.161242                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |  171.692457                       | 5060.205295                       |22115.228337                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    36.926042                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency  3410.775181                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency  3447.701223                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |      212331     36.82%     36.82% |      161251     27.96%     64.78% |      203087     35.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total       576669                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |      212433     36.79%     36.79% |      161378     27.95%     64.73% |      203643     35.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total       577454                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |     4815789                       |     5839362                       |    27812909                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |    36455631                       |   815963164                       |  4494373004                      
system.ruby.network.priority_received    |      212331     36.82%     36.82% |      161251     27.96%     64.78% |      203087     35.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.priority_received::total       576669                      
system.ruby.network.priority_network_latency |     4815789                       |     5839362                       |    27812909                      
system.ruby.network.priority_queueing_latency |    36455631                       |   815963164                       |  4494373004                      
system.ruby.network.average_priority_network_latency |   22.680574                       |   36.212873                       |  136.950711                      
system.ruby.network.average_priority_queueing_latency |  171.692457                       | 5060.205295                       |22130.284085                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |   22.680574                       |   36.212873                       |  136.950711                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |  171.692457                       | 5060.205295                       |22130.284085                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    66.707349                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency  9271.855777                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency  9338.563125                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization       577281                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization       576678                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization      1460735                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization    52.293880                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    8.483480     16.22%     16.22% |    5.567760     10.65%     26.87% |    3.256040      6.23%     33.10% |    1.802900      3.45%     36.54% |    7.093060     13.56%     50.11% |    4.171580      7.98%     58.08% |    2.249280      4.30%     62.39% |    1.210300      2.31%     64.70% |    5.748320     10.99%     75.69% |    4.993800      9.55%     85.24% |    4.202360      8.04%     93.28% |    3.515000      6.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total      52.293880                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             2.532146                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples       212894                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212894    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total        212894                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       212894                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212894    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       212894                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples       213409                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      213409    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total        213409                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       213409                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      213409    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       213409                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples       213068                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      213068    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total       213068                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       213068                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      213068    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       213068                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Request |       13501      6.36%      6.36% |       13226      6.23%     12.59% |       13356      6.29%     18.88% |       13337      6.28%     25.16% |       13157      6.20%     31.36% |       13434      6.33%     37.68% |       13190      6.21%     43.89% |       13258      6.24%     50.14% |       13197      6.22%     56.35% |       13275      6.25%     62.61% |       13300      6.26%     68.87% |       13232      6.23%     75.10% |       13131      6.18%     81.29% |       13215      6.22%     87.51% |       13176      6.21%     93.71% |       13345      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Request::total       212330                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Forward |       10022      6.22%      6.22% |       10074      6.25%     12.46% |       10074      6.25%     18.71% |       10293      6.38%     25.09% |       10024      6.22%     31.31% |       10018      6.21%     37.52% |       10145      6.29%     43.81% |       10042      6.23%     50.04% |       10192      6.32%     56.36% |       10100      6.26%     62.63% |       10093      6.26%     68.89% |       10052      6.23%     75.12% |       10094      6.26%     81.38% |        9950      6.17%     87.55% |       10038      6.23%     93.77% |       10038      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Forward::total       161249                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Response |        1367      6.06%      6.06% |        1430      6.34%     12.40% |        1468      6.51%     18.91% |        1413      6.27%     25.18% |        1412      6.26%     31.44% |        1380      6.12%     37.56% |        1380      6.12%     43.68% |        1329      5.89%     49.58% |        1433      6.36%     55.93% |        1398      6.20%     62.13% |        1493      6.62%     68.75% |        1416      6.28%     75.03% |        1454      6.45%     81.48% |        1355      6.01%     87.49% |        1455      6.45%     93.94% |        1366      6.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Response::total        22549                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Request |       13501      6.36%      6.36% |       13226      6.23%     12.59% |       13356      6.29%     18.88% |       13337      6.28%     25.16% |       13157      6.20%     31.36% |       13434      6.33%     37.68% |       13190      6.21%     43.89% |       13258      6.24%     50.14% |       13197      6.22%     56.35% |       13275      6.25%     62.61% |       13300      6.26%     68.87% |       13232      6.23%     75.10% |       13131      6.18%     81.29% |       13215      6.22%     87.51% |       13176      6.21%     93.71% |       13345      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Request::total       212330                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Forward |       10022      6.22%      6.22% |       10074      6.25%     12.46% |       10074      6.25%     18.71% |       10293      6.38%     25.09% |       10024      6.22%     31.31% |       10018      6.21%     37.52% |       10145      6.29%     43.81% |       10042      6.23%     50.04% |       10192      6.32%     56.36% |       10100      6.26%     62.63% |       10093      6.26%     68.89% |       10052      6.23%     75.12% |       10094      6.26%     81.38% |        9950      6.17%     87.55% |       10038      6.23%     93.77% |       10038      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Forward::total       161249                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Response |        1367      6.06%      6.06% |        1430      6.34%     12.40% |        1468      6.51%     18.91% |        1413      6.27%     25.18% |        1412      6.26%     31.44% |        1380      6.12%     37.56% |        1380      6.12%     43.68% |        1329      5.89%     49.58% |        1433      6.36%     55.93% |        1398      6.20%     62.13% |        1493      6.62%     68.75% |        1416      6.28%     75.03% |        1454      6.45%     81.48% |        1355      6.01%     87.49% |        1455      6.45%     93.94% |        1366      6.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Response::total        22549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request   |       13203      6.20%      6.20% |       13229      6.21%     12.42% |       13286      6.24%     18.66% |       13284      6.24%     24.90% |       13235      6.22%     31.11% |       13523      6.35%     37.46% |       13392      6.29%     43.76% |       13358      6.27%     50.03% |       13071      6.14%     56.17% |       13425      6.31%     62.48% |       13376      6.28%     68.76% |       13326      6.26%     75.02% |       13248      6.22%     81.24% |       13484      6.33%     87.57% |       13306      6.25%     93.82% |       13148      6.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request::total       212894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Forward   |       13447      6.31%      6.31% |       13363      6.27%     12.58% |       13379      6.28%     18.86% |       13424      6.30%     25.16% |       13260      6.22%     31.39% |       13127      6.16%     37.55% |       13346      6.26%     43.81% |       13185      6.19%     50.00% |       13386      6.28%     56.28% |       13203      6.20%     62.48% |       13312      6.25%     68.73% |       13339      6.26%     74.99% |       13504      6.34%     81.32% |       13238      6.21%     87.54% |       13204      6.20%     93.73% |       13351      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Forward::total       213068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Response  |       13339      6.25%      6.25% |       13316      6.24%     12.49% |       13393      6.28%     18.77% |       13309      6.24%     25.00% |       13398      6.28%     31.28% |       13214      6.19%     37.47% |       13345      6.25%     43.73% |       13346      6.25%     49.98% |       13599      6.37%     56.35% |       13331      6.25%     62.60% |       13183      6.18%     68.78% |       13266      6.22%     74.99% |       13210      6.19%     81.18% |       13326      6.24%     87.43% |       13478      6.32%     93.74% |       13356      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Response::total       213409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request |       13203      6.20%      6.20% |       13229      6.21%     12.42% |       13286      6.24%     18.66% |       13284      6.24%     24.90% |       13235      6.22%     31.11% |       13523      6.35%     37.46% |       13392      6.29%     43.76% |       13358      6.27%     50.03% |       13071      6.14%     56.17% |       13425      6.31%     62.48% |       13376      6.28%     68.76% |       13326      6.26%     75.02% |       13248      6.22%     81.24% |       13484      6.33%     87.57% |       13306      6.25%     93.82% |       13148      6.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request::total       212894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Forward |       13447      6.31%      6.31% |       13363      6.27%     12.58% |       13379      6.28%     18.86% |       13424      6.30%     25.16% |       13260      6.22%     31.39% |       13127      6.16%     37.55% |       13346      6.26%     43.81% |       13185      6.19%     50.00% |       13386      6.28%     56.28% |       13203      6.20%     62.48% |       13312      6.25%     68.73% |       13339      6.26%     74.99% |       13504      6.34%     81.32% |       13238      6.21%     87.54% |       13204      6.20%     93.73% |       13351      6.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Forward::total       213068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Response |       13339      6.25%      6.25% |       13316      6.24%     12.49% |       13393      6.28%     18.77% |       13309      6.24%     25.00% |       13398      6.28%     31.28% |       13214      6.19%     37.47% |       13345      6.25%     43.73% |       13346      6.25%     49.98% |       13599      6.37%     56.35% |       13331      6.25%     62.60% |       13183      6.18%     68.78% |       13266      6.22%     74.99% |       13210      6.19%     81.18% |       13326      6.24%     87.43% |       13478      6.32%     93.74% |       13356      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Response::total       213409                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
