
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000050                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                       50000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                      50000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  10065                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 851848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls00.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls00.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls00.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls00.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls00.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls00.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls01.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls01.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls01.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls01.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls01.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls01.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls02.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls02.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls02.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls02.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls02.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls02.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls03.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls03.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls03.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls03.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls03.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls03.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls04.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls04.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls04.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls04.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls04.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls04.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls05.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls05.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls05.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls05.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls05.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls05.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls06.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls06.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls06.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls06.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls06.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls06.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls07.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls07.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls07.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls07.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls07.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls07.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls08.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls08.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls08.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls08.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls08.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls08.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls09.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls09.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls09.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls09.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls09.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls09.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls10.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls11.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls12.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls13.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls14.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls15.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples        40185                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       40185    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total        40185                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples          40185                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean                 1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean                1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       40185    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total            40185                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        40185                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       40185    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        40185                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016960                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    13.178436                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016820                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    14.402152                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    25.833943                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    12.391532                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016840                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    12.642627                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    24.962541                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    11.406092                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    11.896742                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015860                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    23.581488                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    12.322514                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    12.827923                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    25.034519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016940                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    13.170897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    13.852343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016840                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    25.866283                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    12.075158                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    13.042379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    25.154217                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015980                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    12.236255                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    12.696506                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    24.672727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015980                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    13.168957                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017320                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    13.803164                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    26.193656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    12.296054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017600                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    13.194916                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    24.336133                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015820                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    13.316094                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016940                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    14.124658                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    26.543749                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    12.387472                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    13.065479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    25.030499                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    11.326293                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016720                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    12.076598                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    23.725485                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016560                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    11.291134                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    12.038719                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    23.652867                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    12.136177                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017860                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    12.826823                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    25.317614                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016760                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    12.258215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    12.949221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    24.934041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.017040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time    11.322754                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.016020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_stall_time    11.596968                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015760                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseToDir.avg_stall_time    24.023960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031919                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.997680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.050019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999740                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.997480                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032639                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.997440                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.051639                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.998760                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.036199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.997360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034619                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.993920                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999880                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.049059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.992800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032619                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.998500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.035799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.998800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.051459                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999880                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032519                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.995440                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032839                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999040                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.049739                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032659                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     2.005500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032519                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.049439                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999880                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032999                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.998720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033359                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.997720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034399                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.996840                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.049999                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999620                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033279                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999160                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.998480                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.998480                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.049579                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032359                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.995280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.996120                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032359                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.049299                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999820                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033999                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.996200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032399                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     2.019280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032679                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.998920                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.049039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032919                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.997640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032479                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.998320                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.995280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.049779                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.035559                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.997400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.031959                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.998640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.998720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.049939                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999900                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033439                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033239                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.998240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.032079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.995720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.050219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.998520                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033639                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.996960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034719                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.990320                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.035199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.998200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.052359                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999660                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034679                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.994800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034839                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999240                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033479                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.049899                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999900                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.997880                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.035719                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.997480                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.052219                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.035519                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999400                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.033199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads        23334                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes        23334                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity        24287                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity        23334                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity        23334                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads        32532                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes        32532                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity        35101                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity        32532                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity        32532                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads        31896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes        31896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity        34167                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity        31896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity        31896                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links02.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads        22938                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes        22938                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity        23952                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity        22938                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity        22938                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links03.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads        32022                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes        32022                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity        34496                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity        32022                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity        32022                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links04.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads        41185                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes        41185                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity        44698                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity        41185                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity        41185                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads        41180                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes        41180                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity        44674                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity        41180                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity        41180                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links06.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads        32512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes        32512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity        34909                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity        32512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity        32512                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links07.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads        32392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes        32392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity        34496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity        32392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity        32392                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links08.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads        40393                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes        40393                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity        44001                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity        40393                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity        40393                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links09.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads        40470                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes        40470                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity        43794                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity        40470                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity        40470                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links10.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads        32031                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes        32031                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity        34430                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity        32031                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity        32031                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links11.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads        22888                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes        22888                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity        23860                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity        22888                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity        22888                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links12.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads        31376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes        31376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity        33393                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity        31376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity        31376                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links13.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads        31997                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes        31997                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity        33928                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity        31997                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity        31997                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links14.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads        22596                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes        22596                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity        23580                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity        22596                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity        22596                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links15.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links16.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links17.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links18.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links19.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links20.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links22.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links23.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links24.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links25.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links26.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links27.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links28.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links29.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links30.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links31.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |       13573     33.79%     33.79% |       13344     33.22%     67.00% |       13257     33.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total        40174                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |       13576     33.78%     33.78% |       13347     33.21%     67.00% |       13262     33.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total        40185                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |      109229                       |       97621                       |      270562                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |           0                       |           0                       |          25                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |    8.047521                       |    7.315722                       |   20.408991                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001886                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    11.883606                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency     0.000622                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency    11.884229                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |       13573      9.28%      9.28% |       13344      9.12%     18.41% |      119329     81.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total       146246                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |       13576      9.28%      9.28% |       13347      9.12%     18.40% |      119358     81.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total       146281                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |      109229                       |       97621                       |     1688043                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |           0                       |           0                       |         225                      
system.ruby.network.priority_received    |       13573      9.28%      9.28% |       13344      9.12%     18.41% |      119329     81.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.priority_received::total       146246                      
system.ruby.network.priority_network_latency |      109229                       |       97621                       |     1688043                      
system.ruby.network.priority_queueing_latency |           0                       |           0                       |         225                      
system.ruby.network.average_priority_network_latency |    8.047521                       |    7.315722                       |   14.146125                      
system.ruby.network.average_priority_queueing_latency |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001886                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |    8.047521                       |    7.315722                       |   14.146125                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001886                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency    12.956888                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency     0.001539                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency    12.958426                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization       146267                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization       146249                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization       365485                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization    13.160020                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.972640      7.39%      7.39% |    0.116500      0.89%      8.28% |    0.068980      0.52%      8.80% |    0.067840      0.52%      9.32% |    0.958640      7.28%     16.60% |    0.110480      0.84%     17.44% |    0.067460      0.51%     17.95% |    0.066640      0.51%     18.46% |    7.434420     56.49%     74.95% |    1.949040     14.81%     89.76% |    0.744360      5.66%     95.42% |    0.603020      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total      13.160020                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             2.498872                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples        13576                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13576    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total         13576                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13576                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13576    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        13576                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples        13262                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13262    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total         13262                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13262                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13262    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        13262                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples        13347                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total        13347                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13347                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        13347                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Request |         841      6.20%      6.20% |         842      6.20%     12.40% |         880      6.48%     18.88% |         847      6.24%     25.12% |         855      6.30%     31.42% |         836      6.16%     37.58% |         834      6.14%     43.73% |         893      6.58%     50.31% |         827      6.09%     56.40% |         801      5.90%     62.30% |         855      6.30%     68.60% |         833      6.14%     74.74% |         852      6.28%     81.01% |         872      6.42%     87.44% |         839      6.18%     93.62% |         866      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Request::total        13573                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Forward |         848      6.35%      6.35% |         875      6.56%     12.91% |         812      6.09%     19.00% |         791      5.93%     24.93% |         802      6.01%     30.94% |         861      6.45%     37.39% |         828      6.21%     43.59% |         857      6.42%     50.01% |         838      6.28%     56.29% |         852      6.38%     62.68% |         860      6.44%     69.12% |         822      6.16%     75.28% |         847      6.35%     81.63% |         853      6.39%     88.02% |         799      5.99%     94.01% |         799      5.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Forward::total        13344                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Response |         859      6.48%      6.48% |         822      6.20%     12.68% |         811      6.12%     18.80% |         839      6.33%     25.13% |         853      6.43%     31.56% |         853      6.43%     38.00% |         832      6.28%     44.27% |         825      6.22%     50.50% |         874      6.59%     57.09% |         788      5.94%     63.04% |         793      5.98%     69.02% |         825      6.22%     75.24% |         842      6.35%     81.59% |         756      5.70%     87.30% |         875      6.60%     93.90% |         809      6.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Response::total        13256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Request |         841      6.20%      6.20% |         842      6.20%     12.40% |         880      6.48%     18.88% |         847      6.24%     25.12% |         855      6.30%     31.42% |         836      6.16%     37.58% |         834      6.14%     43.73% |         893      6.58%     50.31% |         827      6.09%     56.40% |         801      5.90%     62.30% |         855      6.30%     68.60% |         833      6.14%     74.74% |         852      6.28%     81.01% |         872      6.42%     87.44% |         839      6.18%     93.62% |         866      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Request::total        13573                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Forward |         848      6.35%      6.35% |         875      6.56%     12.91% |         812      6.09%     19.00% |         791      5.93%     24.93% |         802      6.01%     30.94% |         861      6.45%     37.39% |         828      6.21%     43.59% |         857      6.42%     50.01% |         838      6.28%     56.29% |         852      6.38%     62.68% |         860      6.44%     69.12% |         822      6.16%     75.28% |         847      6.35%     81.63% |         853      6.39%     88.02% |         799      5.99%     94.01% |         799      5.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Forward::total        13344                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Response |         859      6.48%      6.48% |         822      6.20%     12.68% |         811      6.12%     18.80% |         839      6.33%     25.13% |         853      6.43%     31.56% |         853      6.43%     38.00% |         832      6.28%     44.27% |         825      6.22%     50.50% |         874      6.59%     57.09% |         788      5.94%     63.04% |         793      5.98%     69.02% |         825      6.22%     75.24% |         842      6.35%     81.59% |         756      5.70%     87.30% |         875      6.60%     93.90% |         809      6.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Response::total        13256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request   |         845      6.22%      6.22% |         905      6.67%     12.89% |         850      6.26%     19.15% |         823      6.06%     25.21% |         889      6.55%     31.76% |         836      6.16%     37.92% |         841      6.19%     44.11% |         867      6.39%     50.50% |         830      6.11%     56.61% |         888      6.54%     63.16% |         820      6.04%     69.20% |         865      6.37%     75.57% |         851      6.27%     81.84% |         825      6.08%     87.91% |         832      6.13%     94.04% |         809      5.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request::total        13576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Forward   |         798      5.98%      5.98% |         816      6.11%     12.09% |         809      6.06%     18.15% |         817      6.12%     24.28% |         801      6.00%     30.28% |         830      6.22%     36.50% |         802      6.01%     42.50% |         880      6.59%     49.10% |         837      6.27%     55.37% |         893      6.69%     62.06% |         820      6.14%     68.20% |         895      6.71%     74.91% |         821      6.15%     81.06% |         813      6.09%     87.15% |         860      6.44%     93.59% |         855      6.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Forward::total        13347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Response  |         858      6.47%      6.47% |         861      6.49%     12.96% |         806      6.08%     19.04% |         812      6.12%     25.16% |         799      6.02%     31.19% |         831      6.27%     37.45% |         868      6.55%     44.00% |         871      6.57%     50.57% |         828      6.24%     56.81% |         830      6.26%     63.07% |         813      6.13%     69.20% |         813      6.13%     75.33% |         815      6.15%     81.47% |         834      6.29%     87.76% |         808      6.09%     93.85% |         815      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Response::total        13262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request |         845      6.22%      6.22% |         905      6.67%     12.89% |         850      6.26%     19.15% |         823      6.06%     25.21% |         889      6.55%     31.76% |         836      6.16%     37.92% |         841      6.19%     44.11% |         867      6.39%     50.50% |         830      6.11%     56.61% |         888      6.54%     63.16% |         820      6.04%     69.20% |         865      6.37%     75.57% |         851      6.27%     81.84% |         825      6.08%     87.91% |         832      6.13%     94.04% |         809      5.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request::total        13576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Forward |         798      5.98%      5.98% |         816      6.11%     12.09% |         809      6.06%     18.15% |         817      6.12%     24.28% |         801      6.00%     30.28% |         830      6.22%     36.50% |         802      6.01%     42.50% |         880      6.59%     49.10% |         837      6.27%     55.37% |         893      6.69%     62.06% |         820      6.14%     68.20% |         895      6.71%     74.91% |         821      6.15%     81.06% |         813      6.09%     87.15% |         860      6.44%     93.59% |         855      6.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Forward::total        13347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Response |         858      6.47%      6.47% |         861      6.49%     12.96% |         806      6.08%     19.04% |         812      6.12%     25.16% |         799      6.02%     31.19% |         831      6.27%     37.45% |         868      6.55%     44.00% |         871      6.57%     50.57% |         828      6.24%     56.81% |         830      6.26%     63.07% |         813      6.13%     69.20% |         813      6.13%     75.33% |         815      6.15%     81.47% |         834      6.29%     87.76% |         808      6.09%     93.85% |         815      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Response::total        13262                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
