
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000050                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                       50000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                      50000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                    383                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1854448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   130.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls00.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls00.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls00.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls00.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls00.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls00.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls01.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls01.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls01.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls01.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls01.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls01.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls02.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls02.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls02.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls02.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls02.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls02.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls03.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls03.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls03.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls03.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls03.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls03.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls04.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls04.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls04.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls04.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls04.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls04.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls05.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls05.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls05.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls05.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls05.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls05.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls06.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls06.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls06.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls06.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls06.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls06.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls07.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls07.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls07.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls07.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls07.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls07.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls08.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls08.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls08.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls08.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls08.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls08.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls09.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls09.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls09.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls09.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls09.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls09.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls10.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls11.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls12.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls13.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls14.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls15.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls16.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls16.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls16.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls16.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls16.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls16.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls16.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls16.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls16.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls16.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls16.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls16.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls16.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls16.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls16.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls16.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls16.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls16.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls16.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls16.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls16.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls16_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls17.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls17.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls17.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls17.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls17.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls17.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls17.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls17.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls17.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls17.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls17.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls17.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls17.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls17.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls17.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls17.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls17.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls17.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls17.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls17.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls17.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls17_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls18.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls18.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls18.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls18.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls18.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls18.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls18.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls18.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls18.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls18.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls18.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls18.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls18.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls18.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls18.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls18.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls18.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls18.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls18.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls18.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls18.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls18_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls19.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls19.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls19.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls19.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls19.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls19.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls19.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls19.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls19.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls19.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls19.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls19.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls19.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls19.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls19.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls19.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls19.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls19.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls19.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls19.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls19.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls19_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls20.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls20.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls20.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls20.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls20.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls20.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls20.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls20.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls20.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls20.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls20.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls20.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls20.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls20.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls20.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls20.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls20.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls20.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls20.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls20.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls20.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls20_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls21.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls21.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls21.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls21.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls21.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls21.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls21.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls21.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls21.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls21.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls21.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls21.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls21.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls21.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls21.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls21.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls21.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls21.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls21.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls21.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls21.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls21_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls22.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls22.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls22.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls22.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls22.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls22.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls22.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls22.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls22.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls22.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls22.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls22.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls22.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls22.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls22.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls22.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls22.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls22.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls22.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls22.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls22.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls22_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls23.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls23.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls23.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls23.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls23.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls23.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls23.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls23.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls23.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls23.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls23.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls23.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls23.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls23.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls23.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls23.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls23.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls23.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls23.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls23.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls23.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls23_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls24.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls24.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls24.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls24.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls24.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls24.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls24.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls24.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls24.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls24.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls24.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls24.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls24.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls24.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls24.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls24.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls24.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls24.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls24.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls24.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls24.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls24_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls25.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls25.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls25.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls25.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls25.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls25.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls25.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls25.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls25.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls25.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls25.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls25.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls25.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls25.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls25.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls25.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls25.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls25.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls25.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls25.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls25.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls25_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls26.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls26.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls26.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls26.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls26.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls26.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls26.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls26.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls26.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls26.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls26.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls26.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls26.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls26.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls26.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls26.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls26.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls26.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls26.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls26.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls26.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls26_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls27.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls27.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls27.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls27.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls27.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls27.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls27.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls27.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls27.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls27.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls27.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls27.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls27.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls27.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls27.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls27.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls27.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls27.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls27.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls27.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls27.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls27_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls28.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls28.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls28.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls28.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls28.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls28.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls28.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls28.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls28.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls28.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls28.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls28.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls28.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls28.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls28.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls28.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls28.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls28.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls28.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls28.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls28.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls28_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls29.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls29.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls29.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls29.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls29.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls29.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls29.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls29.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls29.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls29.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls29.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls29.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls29.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls29.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls29.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls29.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls29.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls29.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls29.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls29.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls29.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls29_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls30.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls30.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls30.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls30.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls30.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls30.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls30.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls30.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls30.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls30.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls30.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls30.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls30.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls30.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls30.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls30.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls30.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls30.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls30.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls30.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls30.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls30_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls31.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls31.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls31.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls31.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls31.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls31.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls31.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls31.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls31.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls31.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls31.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls31.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls31.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls31.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls31.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls31.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls31.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls31.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls31.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls31.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls31.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls31_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls32.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls32.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls32.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls32.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls32.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls32.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls32.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls32.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls32.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls32.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls32.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls32.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls32.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls32.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls32.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls32.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls32.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls32.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls32.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls32.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls32.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls32_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls33.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls33.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls33.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls33.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls33.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls33.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls33.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls33.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls33.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls33.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls33.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls33.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls33.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls33.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls33.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls33.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls33.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls33.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls33.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls33.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls33.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls33_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls34.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls34.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls34.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls34.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls34.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls34.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls34.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls34.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls34.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls34.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls34.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls34.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls34.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls34.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls34.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls34.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls34.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls34.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls34.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls34.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls34.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls34_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls35.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls35.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls35.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls35.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls35.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls35.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls35.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls35.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls35.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls35.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls35.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls35.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls35.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls35.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls35.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls35.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls35.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls35.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls35.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls35.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls35.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls35_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls36.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls36.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls36.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls36.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls36.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls36.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls36.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls36.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls36.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls36.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls36.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls36.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls36.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls36.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls36.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls36.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls36.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls36.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls36.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls36.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls36.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls36_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls37.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls37.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls37.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls37.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls37.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls37.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls37.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls37.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls37.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls37.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls37.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls37.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls37.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls37.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls37.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls37.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls37.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls37.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls37.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls37.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls37.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls37_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls38.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls38.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls38.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls38.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls38.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls38.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls38.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls38.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls38.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls38.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls38.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls38.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls38.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls38.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls38.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls38.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls38.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls38.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls38.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls38.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls38.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls38_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls39.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls39.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls39.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls39.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls39.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls39.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls39.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls39.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls39.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls39.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls39.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls39.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls39.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls39.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls39.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls39.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls39.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls39.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls39.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls39.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls39.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls39_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls40.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls40.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls40.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls40.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls40.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls40.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls40.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls40.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls40.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls40.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls40.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls40.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls40.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls40.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls40.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls40.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls40.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls40.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls40.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls40.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls40.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls40_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls41.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls41.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls41.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls41.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls41.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls41.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls41.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls41.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls41.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls41.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls41.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls41.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls41.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls41.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls41.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls41.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls41.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls41.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls41.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls41.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls41.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls41_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls42.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls42.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls42.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls42.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls42.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls42.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls42.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls42.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls42.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls42.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls42.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls42.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls42.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls42.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls42.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls42.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls42.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls42.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls42.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls42.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls42.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls42_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls43.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls43.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls43.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls43.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls43.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls43.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls43.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls43.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls43.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls43.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls43.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls43.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls43.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls43.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls43.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls43.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls43.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls43.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls43.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls43.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls43.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls43_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls44.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls44.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls44.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls44.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls44.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls44.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls44.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls44.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls44.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls44.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls44.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls44.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls44.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls44.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls44.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls44.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls44.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls44.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls44.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls44.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls44.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls44_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls45.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls45.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls45.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls45.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls45.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls45.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls45.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls45.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls45.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls45.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls45.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls45.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls45.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls45.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls45.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls45.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls45.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls45.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls45.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls45.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls45.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls45_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls46.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls46.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls46.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls46.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls46.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls46.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls46.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls46.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls46.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls46.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls46.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls46.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls46.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls46.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls46.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls46.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls46.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls46.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls46.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls46.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls46.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls46_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls47.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls47.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls47.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls47.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls47.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls47.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls47.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls47.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls47.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls47.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls47.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls47.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls47.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls47.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls47.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls47.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls47.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls47.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls47.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls47.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls47.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls47_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls48.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls48.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls48.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls48.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls48.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls48.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls48.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls48.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls48.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls48.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls48.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls48.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls48.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls48.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls48.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls48.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls48.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls48.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls48.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls48.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls48.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls48_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls49.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls49.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls49.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls49.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls49.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls49.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls49.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls49.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls49.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls49.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls49.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls49.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls49.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls49.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls49.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls49.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls49.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls49.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls49.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls49.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls49.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls49_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls50.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls50.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls50.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls50.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls50.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls50.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls50.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls50.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls50.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls50.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls50.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls50.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls50.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls50.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls50.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls50.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls50.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls50.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls50.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls50.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls50.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls50_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls51.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls51.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls51.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls51.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls51.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls51.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls51.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls51.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls51.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls51.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls51.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls51.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls51.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls51.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls51.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls51.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls51.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls51.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls51.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls51.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls51.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls51_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls52.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls52.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls52.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls52.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls52.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls52.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls52.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls52.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls52.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls52.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls52.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls52.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls52.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls52.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls52.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls52.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls52.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls52.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls52.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls52.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls52.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls52_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls53.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls53.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls53.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls53.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls53.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls53.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls53.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls53.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls53.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls53.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls53.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls53.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls53.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls53.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls53.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls53.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls53.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls53.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls53.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls53.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls53.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls53_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls54.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls54.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls54.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls54.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls54.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls54.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls54.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls54.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls54.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls54.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls54.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls54.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls54.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls54.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls54.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls54.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls54.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls54.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls54.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls54.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls54.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls54_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls55.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls55.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls55.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls55.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls55.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls55.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls55.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls55.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls55.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls55.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls55.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls55.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls55.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls55.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls55.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls55.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls55.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls55.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls55.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls55.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls55.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls55_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls56.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls56.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls56.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls56.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls56.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls56.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls56.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls56.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls56.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls56.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls56.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls56.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls56.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls56.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls56.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls56.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls56.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls56.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls56.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls56.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls56.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls56_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls57.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls57.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls57.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls57.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls57.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls57.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls57.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls57.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls57.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls57.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls57.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls57.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls57.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls57.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls57.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls57.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls57.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls57.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls57.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls57.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls57.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls57_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls58.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls58.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls58.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls58.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls58.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls58.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls58.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls58.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls58.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls58.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls58.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls58.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls58.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls58.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls58.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls58.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls58.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls58.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls58.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls58.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls58.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls58_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls59.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls59.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls59.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls59.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls59.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls59.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls59.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls59.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls59.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls59.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls59.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls59.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls59.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls59.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls59.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls59.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls59.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls59.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls59.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls59.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls59.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls59_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls60.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls60.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls60.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls60.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls60.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls60.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls60.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls60.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls60.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls60.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls60.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls60.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls60.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls60.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls60.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls60.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls60.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls60.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls60.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls60.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls60.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls60_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls61.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls61.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls61.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls61.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls61.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls61.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls61.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls61.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls61.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls61.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls61.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls61.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls61.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls61.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls61.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls61.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls61.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls61.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls61.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls61.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls61.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls61_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls62.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls62.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls62.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls62.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls62.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls62.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls62.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls62.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls62.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls62.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls62.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls62.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls62.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls62.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls62.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls62.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls62.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls62.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls62.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls62.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls62.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls62_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls63.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls63.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls63.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls63.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls63.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls63.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls63.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls63.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls63.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls63.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls63.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls63.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls63.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls63.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls63.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls63.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls63.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls63.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls63.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls63.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls63.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls63_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples      2557672                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2557672    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total      2557672                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples        2557614                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean                 1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean                1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2557614    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total          2557614                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2557614                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2557614    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2557614                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16792.460111                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.199796                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5238.879762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23583.897722                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078278                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 17048.002000                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5405.476050                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012980                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23549.982180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077438                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16917.846263                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.194656                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5394.319474                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012980                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23545.750185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.080678                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16914.655887                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.198696                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5478.653147                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23568.427211                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.081638                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16736.762265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.196496                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5293.360453                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23554.035919                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16885.696686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195936                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5261.796444                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012420                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23560.224456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077858                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16929.334393                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.196356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5336.110758                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013840                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23515.766745                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079378                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16907.857063                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.199696                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5368.577748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23568.823044                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.076778                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16937.137097                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.194236                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5388.498270                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23629.225395                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078418                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 17025.595628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195656                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5387.094638                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013300                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23542.927901                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078998                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16875.505230                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.194856                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5375.832123                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013280                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23542.806944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16863.958921                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5420.465791                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23569.382492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077758                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16796.824144                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197476                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5221.667727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23543.279154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079318                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16866.292314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.199956                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5366.418272                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23499.803504                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077178                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16820.162657                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195576                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5268.632967                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23558.121858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.075458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16871.263755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195576                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5280.849323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013320                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23547.906782                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16965.588728                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.196476                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5227.203596                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012820                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23537.068019                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077738                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16947.760005                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5306.387872                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013280                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23564.696806                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 17046.269235                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.196636                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5264.828603                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23557.657847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16870.296514                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197256                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5392.331013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23564.259775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 17030.464951                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.191556                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5408.968801                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23561.062659                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077778                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16897.148017                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197456                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5555.659487                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23597.129277                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16984.196376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.193716                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5121.599908                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012580                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23543.451831                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077658                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16890.063479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195636                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5390.855243                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23587.498030                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.076718                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16986.216536                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197156                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5426.102118                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23541.176756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16852.022560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.198956                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5362.742725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012340                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23497.070159                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078698                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16876.194396                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.196316                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5324.288794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23624.941001                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079798                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16893.971041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195796                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5281.473451                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23546.673127                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078838                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16982.176276                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.198416                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5279.410192                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012700                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23499.430271                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078338                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 17028.216756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5370.848663                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012840                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23597.167417                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.076718                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16957.878842                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195576                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5387.967541                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23633.045859                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16812.194916                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.196956                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5333.738625                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012760                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23570.801924                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078878                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16975.774525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197236                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5338.378992                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012760                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23584.620328                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078438                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16879.763105                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.193896                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5409.387032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23536.052099                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.075638                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16935.673967                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195896                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5307.962381                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23582.652867                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16995.824144                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.200456                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5438.911482                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013760                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23599.101458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078558                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16972.195256                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.198356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5321.290374                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013840                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23543.496710                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077858                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16833.260395                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.196456                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5440.742505                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013320                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23523.843943                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.080118                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16901.167497                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.202016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5219.800464                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23559.538569                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16970.763985                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.198336                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5334.181136                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23541.201216                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16886.181596                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.196916                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5401.409872                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013420                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23578.927661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.080018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16960.497750                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.196076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5320.530209                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23578.799484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16857.267455                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.192296                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5546.069279                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013620                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23591.684366                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.076958                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16700.359413                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.200856                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5436.904082                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23562.036979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077878                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16971.101278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197336                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5301.739265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23543.453771                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16839.927481                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.199276                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5268.645727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012600                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23522.098498                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16922.311654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.194176                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5302.586508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23589.989940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079678                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16939.198576                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.194176                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5187.959221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23578.647007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16761.345013                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195056                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5342.827023                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012820                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23525.952361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16976.683286                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.194356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5281.661607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012580                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23590.251535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16896.062119                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195976                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5223.149677                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23567.472011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.075978                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16986.394652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.198636                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5417.061479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012400                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23547.415712                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.076818                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16854.069119                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.196216                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5463.734305                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013620                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23606.162697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16850.619848                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5442.235315                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23530.932061                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078438                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16886.989700                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197216                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5476.139157                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013580                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23564.650927                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077898                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16825.488730                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.192676                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5507.283674                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23592.379392                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078698                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 17034.079578                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197716                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5276.538909                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23548.220976                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077478                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16883.732565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197976                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5411.733145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23554.180996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.079078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16868.970361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5321.374773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013200                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23548.878262                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.077318                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16898.663227                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195216                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5513.528209                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23550.181496                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.078238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16819.326413                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.197616                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5433.344693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012520                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23520.907222                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.080238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 17003.102418                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.195956                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5253.432791                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23552.090118                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.074759                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16986.995760                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.196416                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5359.190876                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.012980                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23540.299194                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.080158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 16936.865483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.199676                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  5453.277614                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23550.758525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5638.450531                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 21210.568909                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   503.833583                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1869.663607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6508.699926                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 24158.705426                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5423.318394                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 20570.686826                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.800744                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    88.943661                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   327.604188                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6548.484570                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 24073.003260                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4727.639727                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17531.102438                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799624                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   556.451291                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2098.160417                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6288.073679                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23510.440011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4064.962201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15293.292674                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797404                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    72.289194                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   265.808124                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6234.318294                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23199.072179                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4091.299274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15331.923882                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.800124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999920                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   353.519730                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1317.711546                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6268.950041                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23335.318834                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4669.036099                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17611.658787                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1673.726905                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  6292.005180                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6427.019000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23813.904462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5323.520330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 19932.600128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.796264                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3192.188236                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 11968.980140                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6408.039379                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 24089.407292                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4542.513950                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17047.737325                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.800924                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   722.104338                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2708.496210                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6381.091358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23584.946581                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5461.859923                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 20412.824664                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798684                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3093.769765                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 11544.392672                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6430.881382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 24012.921362                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5496.616748                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 20656.337873                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799344                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3172.587048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 11857.146017                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6496.400732                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 24067.653527                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4751.805804                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17865.350173                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1465.914702                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  5515.902542                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6352.874203                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23592.649347                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4445.173057                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16240.980840                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.802704                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   531.050919                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1969.325673                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6112.872463                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23258.207176                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4546.424712                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16891.106538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799804                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    17.655987                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    60.370433                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6372.581588                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23728.026179                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4230.895162                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15812.898462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.800484                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   499.964181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1874.366573                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6308.534389                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23483.982860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4788.995560                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17795.390352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799484                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1875.526209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  6982.277414                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6290.580448                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23873.290654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5464.547889                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 20552.734225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798924                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3355.491910                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 12525.480930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6545.037439                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 24183.246915                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4627.784124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17293.947221                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.796704                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   993.033819                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  3756.156857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6366.923382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23687.767025                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5619.061539                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 20825.199296                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.801544                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2951.863503                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 10950.169437                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6367.757385                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23930.670087                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5553.740985                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 20774.119318                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.796784                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3064.974221                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 11692.990420                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6429.924622                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 24004.951141                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5006.372713                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18707.921242                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797684                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1252.719126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  4698.081878                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6235.447491                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23608.533489                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4413.902882                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16539.156277                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.801564                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   517.980840                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1911.825163                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6190.989760                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23170.849703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4366.773305                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16308.358033                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798504                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   191.427071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   710.388012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6251.700106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23433.569789                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5173.138797                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 19434.569889                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799304                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1233.851383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  4660.857383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6386.379992                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23739.826583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2831.495050                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10719.031959                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    12.626447                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    42.880962                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6369.091338                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23591.145697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5594.088358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 21136.387132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.804384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2904.993560                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 10762.417112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6538.859743                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 24095.634727                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4920.623288                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18307.859843                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.800824                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   377.005320                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1397.563209                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6404.102278                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23715.560069                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5390.872723                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 20197.284194                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.801024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2453.392512                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  9147.958381                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6520.686746                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23946.614468                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5417.259775                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 20529.640847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797524                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2774.125797                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 10322.711666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6451.489850                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 24030.584568                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4970.613088                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18548.369953                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.802024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1015.138937                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  3806.060559                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6308.595988                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23415.904942                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4479.147457                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16877.379432                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798544                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   269.144717                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   994.496390                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6146.779804                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23271.450631                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4378.325713                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16234.539749                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.800304                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   410.447711                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1527.488590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6244.887382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23492.208236                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4820.697106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18379.160197                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.796664                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1524.610568                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  5650.328713                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6361.617408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23830.702446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5399.087738                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 20321.242935                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2832.333993                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 10507.917662                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6399.876802                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23997.922062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4458.351673                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17100.046219                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   336.948721                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1247.119758                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6444.655567                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23714.017980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3298.961441                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 12386.399732                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798904                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    17.954861                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    64.613608                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6354.748905                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23619.519870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4890.226955                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18531.889062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.800724                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2705.294174                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 10055.512630                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6413.376532                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23780.141297                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5166.430291                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 19296.285694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798864                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2974.064959                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 11189.470031                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6385.249595                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23951.423212                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4592.312494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17160.954481                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.800564                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1334.659147                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  4921.777484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6194.734945                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23487.331733                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4199.356373                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15877.971181                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799604                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   782.305814                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2920.869403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6246.170497                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23176.131097                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4086.894642                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15356.543269                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798104                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1524.532069                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  5664.779804                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6132.150937                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23100.799984                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4648.580528                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17200.071559                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799644                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2253.487030                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  8385.393892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6268.312094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23605.077958                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5211.794744                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 19629.454851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3415.630467                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 12934.243735                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6413.641187                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23925.949541                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4178.509110                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15471.068499                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797984                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1082.509290                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  4078.404952                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6167.560209                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23309.267635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4439.878002                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16779.843563                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799444                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2741.203376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 10275.962921                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6435.996640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23751.620708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4846.681646                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18169.867463                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.796324                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3085.969321                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 11736.316914                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6333.356973                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23710.723886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5002.073679                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18652.040819                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.796904                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    32.768485                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   118.443931                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6375.679506                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23863.260635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4363.507650                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16235.096538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799184                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1852.743585                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  6982.646707                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6247.385892                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23310.816884                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4005.409272                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15011.787744                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.801444                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1971.905202                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  7418.583248                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6143.692446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22759.917762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4129.391332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15310.564089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2273.099498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  8540.121898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6086.532709                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23012.690846                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4459.606828                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16860.596448                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797924                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3010.239875                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 11267.584968                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6354.046059                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23408.380592                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5054.159857                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18992.697126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.801124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4059.494330                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 15189.002340                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6392.479850                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23796.416252                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3908.899662                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 14679.190756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798804                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2261.287494                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  8486.079738                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6110.586188                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23109.587528                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3494.481690                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 13041.941141                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799904                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1550.168437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  5793.293594                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6234.847483                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23207.822484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4575.505650                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17151.336093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.801244                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3281.233735                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 12137.795144                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6283.968021                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23661.406932                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4177.459231                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15669.032519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799884                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2681.471431                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 10078.556029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6216.934821                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23192.245335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4081.029199                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15379.072099                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2866.975980                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 10683.780864                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6190.943361                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23066.702386                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5565.752545                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 20882.905382                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799444                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   616.633507                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2294.801584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6509.039299                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 24105.687146                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4241.991880                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15983.422792                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.797084                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2812.068799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 10607.707126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6195.411312                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23136.650807                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4579.510550                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17045.940681                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799204                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3304.252355                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 12534.140857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6287.643907                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23547.626687                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5057.421352                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18761.272335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3927.098038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 14723.051399                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6341.643687                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23666.115118                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2880.389352                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10868.659507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799124                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   978.629747                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  3613.830343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6001.489170                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22613.741465                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4975.589388                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18531.522170                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.800584                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    39.611528                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   145.251355                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6502.555769                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23951.810784                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5171.400612                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 19790.445371                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.798844                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2360.287074                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  8751.020060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6510.318014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23889.370793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  5542.281614                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 20463.039279                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.799224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2543.420172                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  9602.074019                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  6397.631407                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23953.447211                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads        53503                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes        53503                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity        55547                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity        53486                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity        53486                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads        84434                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes        84434                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity       107106                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity        84394                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity        84394                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads       108763                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes       108763                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity       135949                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity       108723                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity       108723                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads       123162                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes       123162                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity       160311                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity       123107                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity       123107                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads       121864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes       121864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity       158777                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity       121808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity       121808                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads       107959                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes       107959                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity       138421                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity       107921                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity       107921                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads        85123                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes        85123                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity       108068                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity        85084                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity        85084                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads        56139                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes        56139                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity        58257                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity        56125                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity        56125                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads        81191                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes        81191                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity        94903                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity        81167                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity        81167                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads       107440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes       107440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity       138033                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity       107401                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity       107401                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads       131229                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes       131229                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity       170848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity       131185                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity       131185                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads       146150                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes       146150                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity       193188                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity       146099                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity       146099                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads       145403                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes       145403                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity       192072                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity       145344                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity       145344                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads       130858                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes       130858                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity       170161                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity       130808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity       130808                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       110548                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       110548                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity       143716                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity       110505                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       110505                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads        86968                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes        86968                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity       100512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity        86943                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity        86943                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads        97289                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes        97289                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_input_arbiter_activity       118904                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_output_arbiter_activity        97268                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity        97268                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       121609                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       121609                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_input_arbiter_activity       156281                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_output_arbiter_activity       121563                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       121563                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads       144534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes       144534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_input_arbiter_activity       187250                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_output_arbiter_activity       144477                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity       144477                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads       159836                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes       159836                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_input_arbiter_activity       211011                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_output_arbiter_activity       159780                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity       159780                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads       159474                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes       159474                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_input_arbiter_activity       210574                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_output_arbiter_activity       159419                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity       159419                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads       145761                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes       145761                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_input_arbiter_activity       192019                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_output_arbiter_activity       145720                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity       145720                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       126471                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       126471                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_input_arbiter_activity       165885                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_output_arbiter_activity       126426                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       126426                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       104606                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       104606                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_input_arbiter_activity       126372                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_output_arbiter_activity       104582                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       104582                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       108048                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       108048                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_input_arbiter_activity       133644                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_output_arbiter_activity       108014                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       108014                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       132635                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       132635                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_input_arbiter_activity       170966                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_output_arbiter_activity       132585                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       132585                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       154390                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       154390                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_input_arbiter_activity       199719                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_output_arbiter_activity       154351                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       154351                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads       169456                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes       169456                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_input_arbiter_activity       223609                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_output_arbiter_activity       169394                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity       169394                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       169184                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       169184                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_input_arbiter_activity       223582                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_output_arbiter_activity       169118                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       169118                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       156302                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       156302                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_input_arbiter_activity       206073                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_output_arbiter_activity       156244                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       156244                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       136439                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       136439                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_input_arbiter_activity       180435                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_output_arbiter_activity       136387                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       136387                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       113841                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       113841                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_input_arbiter_activity       137578                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_output_arbiter_activity       113815                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       113815                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers32.buffer_reads       109906                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.buffer_writes       109906                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.sw_input_arbiter_activity       134727                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.sw_output_arbiter_activity       109885                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.crossbar_activity       109885                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers33.buffer_reads       135732                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.buffer_writes       135732                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.sw_input_arbiter_activity       175109                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.sw_output_arbiter_activity       135666                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.crossbar_activity       135666                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers34.buffer_reads       158552                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.buffer_writes       158552                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.sw_input_arbiter_activity       205816                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.sw_output_arbiter_activity       158501                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.crossbar_activity       158501                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers35.buffer_reads       173010                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.buffer_writes       173010                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.sw_input_arbiter_activity       228210                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.sw_output_arbiter_activity       172944                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.crossbar_activity       172944                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers36.buffer_reads       171435                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.buffer_writes       171435                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.sw_input_arbiter_activity       226088                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.sw_output_arbiter_activity       171369                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.crossbar_activity       171369                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers37.buffer_reads       158678                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.buffer_writes       158678                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.sw_input_arbiter_activity       208057                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.sw_output_arbiter_activity       158628                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.crossbar_activity       158628                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers38.buffer_reads       139053                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.buffer_writes       139053                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.sw_input_arbiter_activity       183922                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.sw_output_arbiter_activity       138992                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.crossbar_activity       138992                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers39.buffer_reads       115659                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.buffer_writes       115659                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.sw_input_arbiter_activity       139902                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.sw_output_arbiter_activity       115627                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.crossbar_activity       115627                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers40.buffer_reads       102088                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.buffer_writes       102088                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.sw_input_arbiter_activity       123108                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.sw_output_arbiter_activity       102066                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.crossbar_activity       102066                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers41.buffer_reads       127964                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.buffer_writes       127964                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.sw_input_arbiter_activity       165688                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.sw_output_arbiter_activity       127901                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.crossbar_activity       127901                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers42.buffer_reads       151773                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.buffer_writes       151773                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.sw_input_arbiter_activity       197892                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.sw_output_arbiter_activity       151729                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.crossbar_activity       151729                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers43.buffer_reads       166127                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.buffer_writes       166127                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.sw_input_arbiter_activity       219254                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.sw_output_arbiter_activity       166069                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.crossbar_activity       166069                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers44.buffer_reads       163709                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.buffer_writes       163709                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.sw_input_arbiter_activity       216700                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.sw_output_arbiter_activity       163640                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.crossbar_activity       163640                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers45.buffer_reads       151111                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.buffer_writes       151111                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.sw_input_arbiter_activity       197224                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.sw_output_arbiter_activity       151052                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.crossbar_activity       151052                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers46.buffer_reads       130751                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.buffer_writes       130751                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.sw_input_arbiter_activity       170978                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.sw_output_arbiter_activity       130691                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.crossbar_activity       130691                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers47.buffer_reads       106910                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.buffer_writes       106910                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.sw_input_arbiter_activity       128324                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.sw_output_arbiter_activity       106880                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.crossbar_activity       106880                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers48.buffer_reads        83028                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.buffer_writes        83028                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.sw_input_arbiter_activity        99194                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.sw_output_arbiter_activity        83005                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.crossbar_activity        83005                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers49.buffer_reads       109279                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.buffer_writes       109279                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.sw_input_arbiter_activity       141764                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.sw_output_arbiter_activity       109231                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.crossbar_activity       109231                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers50.buffer_reads       133644                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.buffer_writes       133644                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.sw_input_arbiter_activity       174014                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.sw_output_arbiter_activity       133599                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.crossbar_activity       133599                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers51.buffer_reads       147510                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.buffer_writes       147510                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.sw_input_arbiter_activity       194931                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.sw_output_arbiter_activity       147438                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.crossbar_activity       147438                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers52.buffer_reads       144932                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.buffer_writes       144932                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.sw_input_arbiter_activity       190080                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.sw_output_arbiter_activity       144879                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.crossbar_activity       144879                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers53.buffer_reads       131226                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.buffer_writes       131226                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.sw_input_arbiter_activity       169716                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.sw_output_arbiter_activity       131182                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.crossbar_activity       131182                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers54.buffer_reads       110425                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.buffer_writes       110425                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.sw_input_arbiter_activity       143645                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.sw_output_arbiter_activity       110374                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.crossbar_activity       110374                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers55.buffer_reads        86599                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.buffer_writes        86599                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.sw_input_arbiter_activity       102802                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.sw_output_arbiter_activity        86566                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.crossbar_activity        86566                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers56.buffer_reads        59634                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.buffer_writes        59634                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.sw_input_arbiter_activity        63216                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.sw_output_arbiter_activity        59620                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.crossbar_activity        59620                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers57.buffer_reads        87028                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.buffer_writes        87028                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.sw_input_arbiter_activity       111260                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.sw_output_arbiter_activity        86980                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.crossbar_activity        86980                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers58.buffer_reads       108547                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.buffer_writes       108547                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.sw_input_arbiter_activity       140128                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.sw_output_arbiter_activity       108505                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.crossbar_activity       108505                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers59.buffer_reads       119342                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.buffer_writes       119342                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.sw_input_arbiter_activity       156429                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.sw_output_arbiter_activity       119285                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.crossbar_activity       119285                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers60.buffer_reads       118177                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.buffer_writes       118177                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.sw_input_arbiter_activity       154277                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.sw_output_arbiter_activity       118140                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.crossbar_activity       118140                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers61.buffer_reads       105996                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.buffer_writes       105996                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.sw_input_arbiter_activity       136106                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.sw_output_arbiter_activity       105952                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.crossbar_activity       105952                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers62.buffer_reads        87398                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.buffer_writes        87398                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.sw_input_arbiter_activity       111804                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.sw_output_arbiter_activity        87353                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.crossbar_activity        87353                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers63.buffer_reads        64092                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.buffer_writes        64092                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.sw_input_arbiter_activity        67941                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.sw_output_arbiter_activity        64076                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.crossbar_activity        64076                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links000.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links000.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links112.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links112.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links113.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links113.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links114.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links114.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links115.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links115.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links116.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links116.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links117.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links117.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links118.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links118.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links119.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links119.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links120.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links120.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links121.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links121.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links122.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links122.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links123.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links123.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links124.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links124.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links125.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links125.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links126.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links126.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links127.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links127.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links128.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links128.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links129.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links129.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links130.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links130.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links131.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links131.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links132.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links132.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links133.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links133.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links134.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links134.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links135.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links135.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links136.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links136.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links137.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links137.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links138.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links138.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links139.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links139.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links140.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links140.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links141.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links141.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links142.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links142.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links143.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links143.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links144.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links144.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links145.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links145.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links146.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links146.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links147.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links147.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links148.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links148.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links149.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links149.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links150.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links150.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links151.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links151.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links152.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links152.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links153.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links153.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links154.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links154.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links155.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links155.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links156.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links156.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links157.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links157.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links158.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links158.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links159.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links159.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links160.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links160.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links161.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links161.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links162.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links162.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links163.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links163.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links164.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links164.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links165.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links165.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links166.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links166.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links167.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links167.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links168.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links168.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links169.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links169.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links170.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links170.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links171.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links171.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links172.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links172.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links173.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links173.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links174.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links174.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links175.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links175.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links176.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links176.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links177.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links177.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links178.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links178.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links179.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links179.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links180.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links180.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links181.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links181.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links182.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links182.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links183.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links183.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links184.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links184.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links185.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links185.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links186.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links186.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links187.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links187.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links188.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links188.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links189.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links189.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links190.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links190.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links191.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links191.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links192.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links192.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links193.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links193.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links194.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links194.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links195.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links195.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links196.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links196.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links197.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links197.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links198.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links198.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links199.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links199.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links200.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links200.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links201.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links201.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links202.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links202.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links203.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links203.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links204.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links204.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links205.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links205.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links206.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links206.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links207.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links207.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links208.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links208.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links209.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links209.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links210.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links210.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links211.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links211.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links212.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links212.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links213.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links213.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links214.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links214.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links215.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links215.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links216.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links216.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links217.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links217.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links218.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links218.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links219.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links219.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links220.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links220.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links221.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links221.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links222.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links222.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links223.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links223.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs000.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs001.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs002.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs003.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs004.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs005.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs006.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs007.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs008.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs009.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs010.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs011.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs012.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs013.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs014.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs015.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs016.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs017.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs018.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs019.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs020.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs021.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs022.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs023.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs024.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs025.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs026.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs027.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs028.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs029.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs030.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs031.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs032.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs033.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs034.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs035.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs036.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs037.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs038.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs039.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs040.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs041.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs042.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs043.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs044.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs045.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs046.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs047.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs048.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs049.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs050.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs051.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs052.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs053.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs054.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs055.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs056.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs057.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs058.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs059.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs060.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs061.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs062.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs063.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs064.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs065.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs066.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs067.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs068.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs069.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs070.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs071.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs072.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs073.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs074.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs075.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs076.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs077.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs078.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs079.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs080.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs081.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs082.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs083.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs084.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs085.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs086.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs087.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs088.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs089.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs090.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs091.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs092.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs093.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs094.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs095.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs096.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs097.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs098.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs099.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs100.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs101.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs102.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs103.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs104.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs105.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs106.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs107.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs108.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs109.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs110.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs111.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs112.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs113.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs114.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs115.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs116.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs117.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs118.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs119.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs120.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs121.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs122.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs123.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs124.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs125.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs126.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs127.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |      629258     68.27%     68.27% |      250364     27.16%     95.43% |       42092      4.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total       921714                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |      629867     68.22%     68.22% |      250985     27.18%     95.40% |       42426      4.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total       923278                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |    29596977                       |    29683677                       |    16805240                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |  3362080475                       |  4190723315                       |   982704906                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |   47.034725                       |  118.562082                       |  399.250214                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency | 5342.928457                       |16738.521972                       |23346.595695                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    82.548268                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency  9260.474177                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency  9343.022445                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |      629258     49.99%     49.99% |      250364     19.89%     69.88% |      379064     30.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      1258686                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |      629867     49.88%     49.88% |      250985     19.88%     69.76% |      381834     30.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      1262686                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |    29596977                       |    29683677                       |   136585457                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |  3362080475                       |  4190723315                       |  8855310679                      
system.ruby.network.priority_received    |      629258     49.99%     49.99% |      250364     19.89%     69.88% |      379064     30.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.priority_received::total      1258686                      
system.ruby.network.priority_network_latency |    29596977                       |    29683677                       |   136585457                      
system.ruby.network.priority_queueing_latency |  3362080475                       |  4190723315                       |  8855310679                      
system.ruby.network.average_priority_network_latency |   47.034725                       |  118.562082                       |  360.322945                      
system.ruby.network.average_priority_queueing_latency | 5342.928457                       |16738.521972                       |23360.990965                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |   47.034725                       |  118.562082                       |  360.322945                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency | 5342.928457                       |16738.521972                       |23360.990965                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency   155.611575                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency 13035.907660                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency 13191.519235                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization      1261882                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization      1258703                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization      6578208                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization   181.975860                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |   40.953500     22.50%     22.50% |   27.158700     14.92%     37.43% |   15.598260      8.57%     46.00% |    7.389780      4.06%     50.06% |   20.994340     11.54%     61.60% |    9.314180      5.12%     66.72% |    4.058320      2.23%     68.95% |    1.991520      1.09%     70.04% |   19.466300     10.70%     80.74% |   15.328860      8.42%     89.16% |   11.341900      6.23%     95.39% |    8.380200      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total     181.975860                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             5.222442                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples       853293                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      853293    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total        853293                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       853293                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      853293    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       853293                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples       852745                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      852745    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total        852745                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       852745                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      852745    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       852745                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples       851576                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      851576    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total       851576                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       851576                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      851576    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       851576                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Request |        9990      1.59%      1.59% |        9872      1.57%      3.16% |        9874      1.57%      4.73% |        9782      1.55%      6.28% |        9795      1.56%      7.84% |        9963      1.58%      9.42% |        9885      1.57%     10.99% |        9797      1.56%     12.55% |        9821      1.56%     14.11% |        9983      1.59%     15.70% |        9733      1.55%     17.24% |        9935      1.58%     18.82% |        9825      1.56%     20.38% |        9797      1.56%     21.94% |        9818      1.56%     23.50% |        9985      1.59%     25.09% |        9712      1.54%     26.63% |        9783      1.55%     28.18% |        9742      1.55%     29.73% |        9867      1.57%     31.30% |        9998      1.59%     32.89% |        9778      1.55%     34.44% |        9779      1.55%     36.00% |        9823      1.56%     37.56% |        9860      1.57%     39.13% |        9831      1.56%     40.69% |        9863      1.57%     42.26% |        9578      1.52%     43.78% |        9872      1.57%     45.35% |        9686      1.54%     46.89% |        9858      1.57%     48.45% |        9948      1.58%     50.03% |        9816      1.56%     51.59% |        9789      1.56%     53.15% |        9921      1.58%     54.73% |        9756      1.55%     56.28% |        9779      1.55%     57.83% |        9848      1.57%     59.40% |        9861      1.57%     60.96% |        9695      1.54%     62.50% |       10023      1.59%     64.10% |        9918      1.58%     65.67% |        9823      1.56%     67.23% |       10101      1.61%     68.84% |        9917      1.58%     70.41% |        9846      1.56%     71.98% |        9804      1.56%     73.54% |        9615      1.53%     75.07% |       10043      1.60%     76.66% |        9867      1.57%     78.23% |        9709      1.54%     79.77% |        9709      1.54%     81.32% |        9752      1.55%     82.87% |        9718      1.54%     84.41% |        9799      1.56%     85.97% |        9932      1.58%     87.55% |        9810      1.56%     89.10% |        9768      1.55%     90.66% |        9861      1.57%     92.22% |        9634      1.53%     93.76% |        9899      1.57%     95.33% |        9755      1.55%     96.88% |        9761      1.55%     98.43% |        9881      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Request::total       629243                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Forward |        3958      1.58%      1.58% |        3914      1.56%      3.14% |        3888      1.55%      4.70% |        3883      1.55%      6.25% |        3781      1.51%      7.76% |        3965      1.58%      9.34% |        3935      1.57%     10.91% |        4012      1.60%     12.52% |        3738      1.49%     14.01% |        4008      1.60%     15.61% |        3871      1.55%     17.16% |        4034      1.61%     18.77% |        4082      1.63%     20.40% |        3953      1.58%     21.98% |        3893      1.55%     23.53% |        3969      1.59%     25.12% |        3839      1.53%     26.65% |        3921      1.57%     28.22% |        3950      1.58%     29.79% |        3958      1.58%     31.38% |        3966      1.58%     32.96% |        3859      1.54%     34.50% |        3773      1.51%     36.01% |        3865      1.54%     37.55% |        3887      1.55%     39.10% |        3958      1.58%     40.69% |        3910      1.56%     42.25% |        3954      1.58%     43.83% |        3889      1.55%     45.38% |        3917      1.56%     46.94% |        3836      1.53%     48.48% |        3960      1.58%     50.06% |        3935      1.57%     51.63% |        3990      1.59%     53.22% |        3942      1.57%     54.80% |        3917      1.56%     56.36% |        3836      1.53%     57.90% |        3854      1.54%     59.43% |        3944      1.58%     61.01% |        3922      1.57%     62.58% |        3915      1.56%     64.14% |        3928      1.57%     65.71% |        3893      1.55%     67.26% |        4006      1.60%     68.86% |        3853      1.54%     70.40% |        3856      1.54%     71.94% |        4001      1.60%     73.54% |        3951      1.58%     75.12% |        3848      1.54%     76.66% |        3894      1.56%     78.21% |        3862      1.54%     79.75% |        3984      1.59%     81.35% |        3926      1.57%     82.91% |        3865      1.54%     84.46% |        3923      1.57%     86.03% |        3799      1.52%     87.54% |        3841      1.53%     89.08% |        3925      1.57%     90.64% |        3922      1.57%     92.21% |        3894      1.56%     93.77% |        3874      1.55%     95.31% |        3954      1.58%     96.89% |        3866      1.54%     98.44% |        3912      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Forward::total       250358                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Response |         653      1.55%      1.55% |         649      1.54%      3.09% |         660      1.57%      4.66% |         663      1.58%      6.24% |         658      1.56%      7.80% |         630      1.50%      9.30% |         650      1.54%     10.84% |         675      1.60%     12.44% |         649      1.54%     13.99% |         675      1.60%     15.59% |         649      1.54%     17.13% |         723      1.72%     18.85% |         673      1.60%     20.45% |         621      1.48%     21.92% |         692      1.64%     23.57% |         677      1.61%     25.18% |         662      1.57%     26.75% |         665      1.58%     28.33% |         664      1.58%     29.91% |         632      1.50%     31.41% |         653      1.55%     32.96% |         674      1.60%     34.56% |         666      1.58%     36.14% |         641      1.52%     37.67% |         664      1.58%     39.24% |         667      1.58%     40.83% |         663      1.58%     42.40% |         653      1.55%     43.95% |         637      1.51%     45.47% |         629      1.49%     46.96% |         608      1.44%     48.41% |         617      1.47%     49.87% |         705      1.67%     51.55% |         663      1.58%     53.12% |         635      1.51%     54.63% |         642      1.53%     56.16% |         708      1.68%     57.84% |         638      1.52%     59.35% |         638      1.52%     60.87% |         682      1.62%     62.49% |         688      1.63%     64.12% |         692      1.64%     65.77% |         666      1.58%     67.35% |         622      1.48%     68.83% |         653      1.55%     70.38% |         671      1.59%     71.97% |         660      1.57%     73.54% |         681      1.62%     75.16% |         673      1.60%     76.76% |         600      1.43%     78.18% |         651      1.55%     79.73% |         712      1.69%     81.42% |         641      1.52%     82.94% |         629      1.49%     84.44% |         627      1.49%     85.93% |         620      1.47%     87.40% |         681      1.62%     89.02% |         653      1.55%     90.57% |         679      1.61%     92.18% |         705      1.67%     93.86% |         660      1.57%     95.43% |         660      1.57%     96.99% |         639      1.52%     98.51% |         626      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Response::total        42092                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Request |        9990      1.59%      1.59% |        9872      1.57%      3.16% |        9874      1.57%      4.73% |        9782      1.55%      6.28% |        9795      1.56%      7.84% |        9963      1.58%      9.42% |        9885      1.57%     10.99% |        9797      1.56%     12.55% |        9821      1.56%     14.11% |        9983      1.59%     15.70% |        9733      1.55%     17.24% |        9935      1.58%     18.82% |        9825      1.56%     20.38% |        9797      1.56%     21.94% |        9818      1.56%     23.50% |        9985      1.59%     25.09% |        9712      1.54%     26.63% |        9783      1.55%     28.18% |        9742      1.55%     29.73% |        9867      1.57%     31.30% |        9998      1.59%     32.89% |        9778      1.55%     34.44% |        9779      1.55%     36.00% |        9823      1.56%     37.56% |        9860      1.57%     39.13% |        9831      1.56%     40.69% |        9863      1.57%     42.26% |        9578      1.52%     43.78% |        9872      1.57%     45.35% |        9686      1.54%     46.89% |        9858      1.57%     48.45% |        9948      1.58%     50.03% |        9816      1.56%     51.59% |        9789      1.56%     53.15% |        9921      1.58%     54.73% |        9756      1.55%     56.28% |        9779      1.55%     57.83% |        9848      1.57%     59.40% |        9861      1.57%     60.96% |        9695      1.54%     62.50% |       10023      1.59%     64.10% |        9918      1.58%     65.67% |        9823      1.56%     67.23% |       10101      1.61%     68.84% |        9917      1.58%     70.41% |        9846      1.56%     71.98% |        9804      1.56%     73.54% |        9615      1.53%     75.07% |       10043      1.60%     76.66% |        9867      1.57%     78.23% |        9709      1.54%     79.77% |        9709      1.54%     81.32% |        9752      1.55%     82.87% |        9718      1.54%     84.41% |        9799      1.56%     85.97% |        9932      1.58%     87.55% |        9810      1.56%     89.10% |        9768      1.55%     90.66% |        9861      1.57%     92.22% |        9634      1.53%     93.76% |        9899      1.57%     95.33% |        9755      1.55%     96.88% |        9761      1.55%     98.43% |        9881      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Request::total       629243                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Forward |        3958      1.58%      1.58% |        3914      1.56%      3.14% |        3888      1.55%      4.70% |        3883      1.55%      6.25% |        3781      1.51%      7.76% |        3965      1.58%      9.34% |        3935      1.57%     10.91% |        4012      1.60%     12.52% |        3738      1.49%     14.01% |        4008      1.60%     15.61% |        3871      1.55%     17.16% |        4034      1.61%     18.77% |        4082      1.63%     20.40% |        3953      1.58%     21.98% |        3893      1.55%     23.53% |        3969      1.59%     25.12% |        3839      1.53%     26.65% |        3921      1.57%     28.22% |        3950      1.58%     29.79% |        3958      1.58%     31.38% |        3966      1.58%     32.96% |        3859      1.54%     34.50% |        3773      1.51%     36.01% |        3865      1.54%     37.55% |        3887      1.55%     39.10% |        3958      1.58%     40.69% |        3910      1.56%     42.25% |        3954      1.58%     43.83% |        3889      1.55%     45.38% |        3917      1.56%     46.94% |        3836      1.53%     48.48% |        3960      1.58%     50.06% |        3935      1.57%     51.63% |        3990      1.59%     53.22% |        3942      1.57%     54.80% |        3917      1.56%     56.36% |        3836      1.53%     57.90% |        3854      1.54%     59.43% |        3944      1.58%     61.01% |        3922      1.57%     62.58% |        3915      1.56%     64.14% |        3928      1.57%     65.71% |        3893      1.55%     67.26% |        4006      1.60%     68.86% |        3853      1.54%     70.40% |        3856      1.54%     71.94% |        4001      1.60%     73.54% |        3951      1.58%     75.12% |        3848      1.54%     76.66% |        3894      1.56%     78.21% |        3862      1.54%     79.75% |        3984      1.59%     81.35% |        3926      1.57%     82.91% |        3865      1.54%     84.46% |        3923      1.57%     86.03% |        3799      1.52%     87.54% |        3841      1.53%     89.08% |        3925      1.57%     90.64% |        3922      1.57%     92.21% |        3894      1.56%     93.77% |        3874      1.55%     95.31% |        3954      1.58%     96.89% |        3866      1.54%     98.44% |        3912      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Forward::total       250358                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Response |         653      1.55%      1.55% |         649      1.54%      3.09% |         660      1.57%      4.66% |         663      1.58%      6.24% |         658      1.56%      7.80% |         630      1.50%      9.30% |         650      1.54%     10.84% |         675      1.60%     12.44% |         649      1.54%     13.99% |         675      1.60%     15.59% |         649      1.54%     17.13% |         723      1.72%     18.85% |         673      1.60%     20.45% |         621      1.48%     21.92% |         692      1.64%     23.57% |         677      1.61%     25.18% |         662      1.57%     26.75% |         665      1.58%     28.33% |         664      1.58%     29.91% |         632      1.50%     31.41% |         653      1.55%     32.96% |         674      1.60%     34.56% |         666      1.58%     36.14% |         641      1.52%     37.67% |         664      1.58%     39.24% |         667      1.58%     40.83% |         663      1.58%     42.40% |         653      1.55%     43.95% |         637      1.51%     45.47% |         629      1.49%     46.96% |         608      1.44%     48.41% |         617      1.47%     49.87% |         705      1.67%     51.55% |         663      1.58%     53.12% |         635      1.51%     54.63% |         642      1.53%     56.16% |         708      1.68%     57.84% |         638      1.52%     59.35% |         638      1.52%     60.87% |         682      1.62%     62.49% |         688      1.63%     64.12% |         692      1.64%     65.77% |         666      1.58%     67.35% |         622      1.48%     68.83% |         653      1.55%     70.38% |         671      1.59%     71.97% |         660      1.57%     73.54% |         681      1.62%     75.16% |         673      1.60%     76.76% |         600      1.43%     78.18% |         651      1.55%     79.73% |         712      1.69%     81.42% |         641      1.52%     82.94% |         629      1.49%     84.44% |         627      1.49%     85.93% |         620      1.47%     87.40% |         681      1.62%     89.02% |         653      1.55%     90.57% |         679      1.61%     92.18% |         705      1.67%     93.86% |         660      1.57%     95.43% |         660      1.57%     96.99% |         639      1.52%     98.51% |         626      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Response::total        42092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request   |       13369      1.57%      1.57% |       13403      1.57%      3.14% |       13222      1.55%      4.69% |       13319      1.56%      6.25% |       13166      1.54%      7.79% |       13266      1.55%      9.35% |       13403      1.57%     10.92% |       13252      1.55%     12.47% |       13407      1.57%     14.04% |       13302      1.56%     15.60% |       13277      1.56%     17.16% |       13240      1.55%     18.71% |       13348      1.56%     20.27% |       13277      1.56%     21.83% |       13322      1.56%     23.39% |       13277      1.56%     24.94% |       13367      1.57%     26.51% |       13384      1.57%     28.08% |       13296      1.56%     29.64% |       13326      1.56%     31.20% |       13359      1.57%     32.77% |       13444      1.58%     34.34% |       13359      1.57%     35.91% |       13218      1.55%     37.46% |       13388      1.57%     39.02% |       13232      1.55%     40.57% |       13317      1.56%     42.14% |       13399      1.57%     43.71% |       13272      1.56%     45.26% |       13253      1.55%     46.81% |       13531      1.59%     48.40% |       13357      1.57%     49.97% |       13362      1.57%     51.53% |       13396      1.57%     53.10% |       13385      1.57%     54.67% |       13439      1.57%     56.24% |       13311      1.56%     57.80% |       13484      1.58%     59.39% |       13433      1.57%     60.96% |       13375      1.57%     62.53% |       13425      1.57%     64.10% |       13301      1.56%     65.66% |       13495      1.58%     67.24% |       13273      1.56%     68.80% |       13407      1.57%     70.37% |       13357      1.57%     71.93% |       13164      1.54%     73.48% |       13183      1.54%     75.02% |       13322      1.56%     76.58% |       13178      1.54%     78.13% |       13170      1.54%     79.67% |       13279      1.56%     81.23% |       13281      1.56%     82.78% |       13330      1.56%     84.34% |       13341      1.56%     85.91% |       13403      1.57%     87.48% |       13315      1.56%     89.04% |       13484      1.58%     90.62% |       13370      1.57%     92.19% |       13371      1.57%     93.75% |       13300      1.56%     95.31% |       13255      1.55%     96.86% |       13302      1.56%     98.42% |       13450      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request::total       853293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Forward   |       13287      1.56%      1.56% |       13192      1.55%      3.11% |       13387      1.57%      4.68% |       13203      1.55%      6.23% |       13364      1.57%      7.80% |       13349      1.57%      9.37% |       13287      1.56%     10.93% |       13321      1.56%     12.49% |       13064      1.53%     14.03% |       13454      1.58%     15.61% |       13479      1.58%     17.19% |       13251      1.56%     18.75% |       13317      1.56%     20.31% |       13242      1.55%     21.86% |       13301      1.56%     23.43% |       13341      1.57%     24.99% |       13274      1.56%     26.55% |       13246      1.56%     28.11% |       13271      1.56%     29.67% |       13667      1.60%     31.27% |       13294      1.56%     32.83% |       13372      1.57%     34.40% |       13207      1.55%     35.95% |       13258      1.56%     37.51% |       13419      1.58%     39.09% |       13315      1.56%     40.65% |       13239      1.55%     42.20% |       13346      1.57%     43.77% |       13375      1.57%     45.34% |       13420      1.58%     46.92% |       13318      1.56%     48.48% |       13294      1.56%     50.04% |       13239      1.55%     51.60% |       13154      1.54%     53.14% |       13378      1.57%     54.71% |       13294      1.56%     56.27% |       13462      1.58%     57.86% |       13037      1.53%     59.39% |       13267      1.56%     60.94% |       13040      1.53%     62.48% |       13241      1.55%     64.03% |       13303      1.56%     65.59% |       13325      1.56%     67.16% |       13277      1.56%     68.72% |       13315      1.56%     70.28% |       13414      1.58%     71.86% |       13290      1.56%     73.42% |       13549      1.59%     75.01% |       13160      1.55%     76.55% |       13312      1.56%     78.12% |       13428      1.58%     79.69% |       13386      1.57%     81.26% |       13412      1.57%     82.84% |       13151      1.54%     84.38% |       13236      1.55%     85.94% |       13250      1.56%     87.49% |       13337      1.57%     89.06% |       13347      1.57%     90.63% |       13275      1.56%     92.19% |       13213      1.55%     93.74% |       13230      1.55%     95.29% |       13440      1.58%     96.87% |       13382      1.57%     98.44% |       13278      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Forward::total       851576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Response  |       13305      1.56%      1.56% |       13442      1.58%      3.14% |       13381      1.57%      4.71% |       13435      1.58%      6.28% |       13415      1.57%      7.85% |       13230      1.55%      9.41% |       13282      1.56%     10.96% |       13456      1.58%     12.54% |       13471      1.58%     14.12% |       13205      1.55%     15.67% |       13226      1.55%     17.22% |       13379      1.57%     18.79% |       13342      1.56%     20.35% |       13438      1.58%     21.93% |       13190      1.55%     23.48% |       13428      1.57%     25.05% |       13293      1.56%     26.61% |       13338      1.56%     28.17% |       13383      1.57%     29.74% |       13142      1.54%     31.28% |       13372      1.57%     32.85% |       13159      1.54%     34.40% |       13380      1.57%     35.97% |       13359      1.57%     37.53% |       13270      1.56%     39.09% |       13292      1.56%     40.65% |       13328      1.56%     42.21% |       13333      1.56%     43.77% |       13278      1.56%     45.33% |       13292      1.56%     46.89% |       13370      1.57%     48.46% |       13390      1.57%     50.03% |       13450      1.58%     51.60% |       13326      1.56%     53.17% |       13338      1.56%     54.73% |       13194      1.55%     56.28% |       13242      1.55%     57.83% |       13312      1.56%     59.39% |       13207      1.55%     60.94% |       13446      1.58%     62.52% |       13370      1.57%     64.09% |       13339      1.56%     65.65% |       13208      1.55%     67.20% |       13430      1.57%     68.77% |       13183      1.55%     70.32% |       13211      1.55%     71.87% |       13396      1.57%     73.44% |       13168      1.54%     74.98% |       13490      1.58%     76.57% |       13326      1.56%     78.13% |       13361      1.57%     79.70% |       13407      1.57%     81.27% |       13167      1.54%     82.81% |       13415      1.57%     84.39% |       13479      1.58%     85.97% |       13287      1.56%     87.52% |       13343      1.56%     89.09% |       13231      1.55%     90.64% |       13349      1.57%     92.21% |       13377      1.57%     93.77% |       13324      1.56%     95.34% |       13265      1.56%     96.89% |       13272      1.56%     98.45% |       13228      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Response::total       852745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request |       13369      1.57%      1.57% |       13403      1.57%      3.14% |       13222      1.55%      4.69% |       13319      1.56%      6.25% |       13166      1.54%      7.79% |       13266      1.55%      9.35% |       13403      1.57%     10.92% |       13252      1.55%     12.47% |       13407      1.57%     14.04% |       13302      1.56%     15.60% |       13277      1.56%     17.16% |       13240      1.55%     18.71% |       13348      1.56%     20.27% |       13277      1.56%     21.83% |       13322      1.56%     23.39% |       13277      1.56%     24.94% |       13367      1.57%     26.51% |       13384      1.57%     28.08% |       13296      1.56%     29.64% |       13326      1.56%     31.20% |       13359      1.57%     32.77% |       13444      1.58%     34.34% |       13359      1.57%     35.91% |       13218      1.55%     37.46% |       13388      1.57%     39.02% |       13232      1.55%     40.57% |       13317      1.56%     42.14% |       13399      1.57%     43.71% |       13272      1.56%     45.26% |       13253      1.55%     46.81% |       13531      1.59%     48.40% |       13357      1.57%     49.97% |       13362      1.57%     51.53% |       13396      1.57%     53.10% |       13385      1.57%     54.67% |       13439      1.57%     56.24% |       13311      1.56%     57.80% |       13484      1.58%     59.39% |       13433      1.57%     60.96% |       13375      1.57%     62.53% |       13425      1.57%     64.10% |       13301      1.56%     65.66% |       13495      1.58%     67.24% |       13273      1.56%     68.80% |       13407      1.57%     70.37% |       13357      1.57%     71.93% |       13164      1.54%     73.48% |       13183      1.54%     75.02% |       13322      1.56%     76.58% |       13178      1.54%     78.13% |       13170      1.54%     79.67% |       13279      1.56%     81.23% |       13281      1.56%     82.78% |       13330      1.56%     84.34% |       13341      1.56%     85.91% |       13403      1.57%     87.48% |       13315      1.56%     89.04% |       13484      1.58%     90.62% |       13370      1.57%     92.19% |       13371      1.57%     93.75% |       13300      1.56%     95.31% |       13255      1.55%     96.86% |       13302      1.56%     98.42% |       13450      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request::total       853293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Forward |       13287      1.56%      1.56% |       13192      1.55%      3.11% |       13387      1.57%      4.68% |       13203      1.55%      6.23% |       13364      1.57%      7.80% |       13349      1.57%      9.37% |       13287      1.56%     10.93% |       13321      1.56%     12.49% |       13064      1.53%     14.03% |       13454      1.58%     15.61% |       13479      1.58%     17.19% |       13251      1.56%     18.75% |       13317      1.56%     20.31% |       13242      1.55%     21.86% |       13301      1.56%     23.43% |       13341      1.57%     24.99% |       13274      1.56%     26.55% |       13246      1.56%     28.11% |       13271      1.56%     29.67% |       13667      1.60%     31.27% |       13294      1.56%     32.83% |       13372      1.57%     34.40% |       13207      1.55%     35.95% |       13258      1.56%     37.51% |       13419      1.58%     39.09% |       13315      1.56%     40.65% |       13239      1.55%     42.20% |       13346      1.57%     43.77% |       13375      1.57%     45.34% |       13420      1.58%     46.92% |       13318      1.56%     48.48% |       13294      1.56%     50.04% |       13239      1.55%     51.60% |       13154      1.54%     53.14% |       13378      1.57%     54.71% |       13294      1.56%     56.27% |       13462      1.58%     57.86% |       13037      1.53%     59.39% |       13267      1.56%     60.94% |       13040      1.53%     62.48% |       13241      1.55%     64.03% |       13303      1.56%     65.59% |       13325      1.56%     67.16% |       13277      1.56%     68.72% |       13315      1.56%     70.28% |       13414      1.58%     71.86% |       13290      1.56%     73.42% |       13549      1.59%     75.01% |       13160      1.55%     76.55% |       13312      1.56%     78.12% |       13428      1.58%     79.69% |       13386      1.57%     81.26% |       13412      1.57%     82.84% |       13151      1.54%     84.38% |       13236      1.55%     85.94% |       13250      1.56%     87.49% |       13337      1.57%     89.06% |       13347      1.57%     90.63% |       13275      1.56%     92.19% |       13213      1.55%     93.74% |       13230      1.55%     95.29% |       13440      1.58%     96.87% |       13382      1.57%     98.44% |       13278      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Forward::total       851576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Response |       13305      1.56%      1.56% |       13442      1.58%      3.14% |       13381      1.57%      4.71% |       13435      1.58%      6.28% |       13415      1.57%      7.85% |       13230      1.55%      9.41% |       13282      1.56%     10.96% |       13456      1.58%     12.54% |       13471      1.58%     14.12% |       13205      1.55%     15.67% |       13226      1.55%     17.22% |       13379      1.57%     18.79% |       13342      1.56%     20.35% |       13438      1.58%     21.93% |       13190      1.55%     23.48% |       13428      1.57%     25.05% |       13293      1.56%     26.61% |       13338      1.56%     28.17% |       13383      1.57%     29.74% |       13142      1.54%     31.28% |       13372      1.57%     32.85% |       13159      1.54%     34.40% |       13380      1.57%     35.97% |       13359      1.57%     37.53% |       13270      1.56%     39.09% |       13292      1.56%     40.65% |       13328      1.56%     42.21% |       13333      1.56%     43.77% |       13278      1.56%     45.33% |       13292      1.56%     46.89% |       13370      1.57%     48.46% |       13390      1.57%     50.03% |       13450      1.58%     51.60% |       13326      1.56%     53.17% |       13338      1.56%     54.73% |       13194      1.55%     56.28% |       13242      1.55%     57.83% |       13312      1.56%     59.39% |       13207      1.55%     60.94% |       13446      1.58%     62.52% |       13370      1.57%     64.09% |       13339      1.56%     65.65% |       13208      1.55%     67.20% |       13430      1.57%     68.77% |       13183      1.55%     70.32% |       13211      1.55%     71.87% |       13396      1.57%     73.44% |       13168      1.54%     74.98% |       13490      1.58%     76.57% |       13326      1.56%     78.13% |       13361      1.57%     79.70% |       13407      1.57%     81.27% |       13167      1.54%     82.81% |       13415      1.57%     84.39% |       13479      1.58%     85.97% |       13287      1.56%     87.52% |       13343      1.56%     89.09% |       13231      1.55%     90.64% |       13349      1.57%     92.21% |       13377      1.57%     93.77% |       13324      1.56%     95.34% |       13265      1.56%     96.89% |       13272      1.56%     98.45% |       13228      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Response::total       852745                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
