
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000050                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                       50000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                      50000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                    421                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1516136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   118.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls00.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls00.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls00.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls00.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls00.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls00.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls01.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls01.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls01.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls01.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls01.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls01.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls02.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls02.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls02.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls02.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls02.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls02.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls03.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls03.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls03.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls03.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls03.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls03.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls04.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls04.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls04.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls04.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls04.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls04.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls05.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls05.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls05.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls05.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls05.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls05.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls06.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls06.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls06.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls06.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls06.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls06.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls07.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls07.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls07.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls07.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls07.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls07.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls08.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls08.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls08.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls08.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls08.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls08.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls09.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls09.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls09.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls09.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls09.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls09.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls10.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls10.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls10.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls11.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls11.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls11.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls12.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls12.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls12.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls13.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls13.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls13.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls14.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls14.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls14.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls15.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls15.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls15.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls16.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls16.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls16.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls16.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls16.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls16.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls16.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls16.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls16.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls16.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls16.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls16.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls16.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls16.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls16.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls16.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls16.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls16.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls16.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls16.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls16.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls16.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls16.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls16.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls16.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls16.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls16.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls16.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls16.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls16_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls16_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls16_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls16_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls17.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls17.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls17.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls17.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls17.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls17.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls17.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls17.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls17.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls17.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls17.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls17.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls17.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls17.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls17.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls17.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls17.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls17.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls17.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls17.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls17.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls17.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls17.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls17.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls17.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls17.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls17.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls17.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls17.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls17_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls17_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls17_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls17_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls18.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls18.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls18.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls18.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls18.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls18.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls18.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls18.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls18.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls18.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls18.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls18.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls18.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls18.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls18.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls18.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls18.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls18.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls18.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls18.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls18.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls18.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls18.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls18.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls18.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls18.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls18.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls18.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls18.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls18_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls18_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls18_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls18_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls19.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls19.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls19.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls19.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls19.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls19.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls19.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls19.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls19.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls19.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls19.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls19.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls19.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls19.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls19.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls19.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls19.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls19.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls19.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls19.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls19.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls19.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls19.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls19.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls19.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls19.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls19.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls19.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls19.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls19_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls19_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls19_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls19_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls20.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls20.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls20.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls20.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls20.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls20.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls20.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls20.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls20.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls20.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls20.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls20.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls20.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls20.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls20.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls20.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls20.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls20.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls20.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls20.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls20.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls20.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls20.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls20.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls20.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls20.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls20.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls20.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls20.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls20_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls20_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls20_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls20_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls21.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls21.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls21.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls21.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls21.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls21.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls21.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls21.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls21.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls21.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls21.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls21.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls21.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls21.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls21.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls21.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls21.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls21.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls21.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls21.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls21.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls21.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls21.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls21.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls21.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls21.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls21.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls21.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls21.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls21_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls21_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls21_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls21_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls22.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls22.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls22.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls22.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls22.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls22.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls22.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls22.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls22.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls22.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls22.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls22.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls22.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls22.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls22.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls22.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls22.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls22.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls22.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls22.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls22.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls22.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls22.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls22.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls22.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls22.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls22.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls22.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls22.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls22_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls22_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls22_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls22_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls23.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls23.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls23.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls23.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls23.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls23.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls23.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls23.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls23.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls23.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls23.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls23.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls23.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls23.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls23.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls23.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls23.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls23.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls23.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls23.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls23.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls23.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls23.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls23.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls23.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls23.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls23.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls23.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls23.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls23_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls23_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls23_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls23_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls24.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls24.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls24.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls24.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls24.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls24.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls24.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls24.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls24.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls24.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls24.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls24.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls24.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls24.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls24.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls24.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls24.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls24.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls24.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls24.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls24.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls24.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls24.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls24.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls24.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls24.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls24.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls24.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls24.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls24_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls24_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls24_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls24_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls25.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls25.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls25.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls25.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls25.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls25.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls25.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls25.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls25.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls25.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls25.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls25.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls25.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls25.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls25.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls25.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls25.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls25.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls25.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls25.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls25.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls25.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls25.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls25.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls25.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls25.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls25.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls25.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls25.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls25_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls25_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls25_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls25_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls26.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls26.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls26.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls26.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls26.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls26.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls26.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls26.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls26.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls26.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls26.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls26.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls26.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls26.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls26.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls26.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls26.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls26.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls26.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls26.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls26.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls26.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls26.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls26.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls26.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls26.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls26.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls26.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls26.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls26_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls26_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls26_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls26_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls27.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls27.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls27.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls27.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls27.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls27.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls27.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls27.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls27.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls27.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls27.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls27.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls27.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls27.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls27.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls27.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls27.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls27.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls27.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls27.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls27.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls27.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls27.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls27.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls27.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls27.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls27.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls27.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls27.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls27_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls27_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls27_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls27_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls28.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls28.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls28.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls28.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls28.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls28.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls28.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls28.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls28.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls28.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls28.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls28.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls28.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls28.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls28.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls28.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls28.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls28.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls28.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls28.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls28.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls28.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls28.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls28.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls28.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls28.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls28.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls28.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls28.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls28_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls28_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls28_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls28_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls29.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls29.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls29.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls29.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls29.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls29.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls29.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls29.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls29.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls29.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls29.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls29.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls29.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls29.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls29.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls29.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls29.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls29.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls29.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls29.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls29.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls29.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls29.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls29.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls29.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls29.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls29.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls29.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls29.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls29_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls29_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls29_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls29_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls30.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls30.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls30.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls30.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls30.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls30.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls30.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls30.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls30.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls30.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls30.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls30.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls30.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls30.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls30.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls30.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls30.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls30.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls30.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls30.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls30.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls30.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls30.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls30.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls30.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls30.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls30.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls30.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls30.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls30_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls30_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls30_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls30_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls31.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls31.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls31.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls31.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls31.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls31.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls31.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls31.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls31.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls31.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls31.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls31.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls31.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls31.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls31.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls31.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls31.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls31.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls31.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls31.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls31.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls31.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls31.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls31.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls31.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls31.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls31.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls31.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls31.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls31_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls31_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls31_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls31_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls32.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls32.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls32.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls32.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls32.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls32.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls32.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls32.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls32.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls32.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls32.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls32.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls32.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls32.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls32.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls32.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls32.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls32.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls32.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls32.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls32.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls32.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls32.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls32.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls32.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls32.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls32.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls32.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls32.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls32_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls32_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls32_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls32_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls33.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls33.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls33.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls33.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls33.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls33.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls33.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls33.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls33.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls33.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls33.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls33.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls33.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls33.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls33.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls33.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls33.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls33.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls33.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls33.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls33.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls33.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls33.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls33.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls33.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls33.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls33.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls33.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls33.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls33_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls33_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls33_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls33_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls34.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls34.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls34.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls34.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls34.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls34.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls34.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls34.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls34.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls34.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls34.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls34.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls34.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls34.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls34.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls34.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls34.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls34.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls34.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls34.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls34.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls34.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls34.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls34.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls34.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls34.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls34.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls34.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls34.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls34_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls34_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls34_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls34_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls35.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls35.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls35.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls35.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls35.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls35.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls35.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls35.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls35.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls35.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls35.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls35.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls35.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls35.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls35.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls35.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls35.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls35.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls35.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls35.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls35.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls35.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls35.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls35.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls35.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls35.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls35.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls35.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls35.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls35_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls35_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls35_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls35_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls36.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls36.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls36.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls36.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls36.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls36.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls36.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls36.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls36.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls36.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls36.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls36.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls36.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls36.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls36.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls36.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls36.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls36.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls36.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls36.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls36.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls36.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls36.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls36.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls36.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls36.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls36.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls36.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls36.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls36_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls36_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls36_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls36_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls37.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls37.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls37.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls37.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls37.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls37.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls37.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls37.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls37.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls37.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls37.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls37.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls37.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls37.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls37.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls37.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls37.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls37.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls37.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls37.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls37.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls37.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls37.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls37.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls37.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls37.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls37.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls37.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls37.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls37_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls37_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls37_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls37_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls38.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls38.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls38.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls38.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls38.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls38.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls38.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls38.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls38.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls38.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls38.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls38.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls38.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls38.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls38.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls38.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls38.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls38.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls38.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls38.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls38.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls38.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls38.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls38.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls38.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls38.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls38.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls38.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls38.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls38_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls38_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls38_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls38_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls39.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls39.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls39.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls39.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls39.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls39.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls39.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls39.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls39.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls39.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls39.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls39.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls39.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls39.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls39.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls39.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls39.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls39.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls39.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls39.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls39.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls39.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls39.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls39.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls39.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls39.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls39.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls39.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls39.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls39_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls39_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls39_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls39_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls40.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls40.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls40.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls40.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls40.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls40.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls40.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls40.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls40.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls40.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls40.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls40.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls40.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls40.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls40.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls40.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls40.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls40.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls40.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls40.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls40.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls40.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls40.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls40.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls40.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls40.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls40.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls40.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls40.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls40_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls40_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls40_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls40_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls41.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls41.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls41.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls41.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls41.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls41.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls41.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls41.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls41.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls41.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls41.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls41.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls41.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls41.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls41.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls41.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls41.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls41.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls41.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls41.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls41.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls41.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls41.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls41.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls41.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls41.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls41.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls41.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls41.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls41_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls41_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls41_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls41_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls42.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls42.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls42.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls42.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls42.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls42.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls42.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls42.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls42.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls42.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls42.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls42.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls42.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls42.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls42.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls42.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls42.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls42.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls42.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls42.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls42.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls42.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls42.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls42.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls42.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls42.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls42.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls42.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls42.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls42_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls42_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls42_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls42_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls43.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls43.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls43.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls43.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls43.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls43.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls43.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls43.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls43.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls43.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls43.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls43.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls43.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls43.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls43.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls43.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls43.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls43.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls43.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls43.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls43.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls43.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls43.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls43.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls43.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls43.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls43.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls43.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls43.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls43_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls43_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls43_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls43_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls44.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls44.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls44.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls44.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls44.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls44.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls44.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls44.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls44.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls44.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls44.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls44.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls44.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls44.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls44.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls44.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls44.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls44.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls44.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls44.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls44.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls44.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls44.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls44.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls44.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls44.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls44.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls44.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls44.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls44_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls44_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls44_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls44_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls45.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls45.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls45.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls45.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls45.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls45.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls45.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls45.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls45.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls45.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls45.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls45.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls45.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls45.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls45.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls45.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls45.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls45.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls45.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls45.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls45.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls45.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls45.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls45.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls45.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls45.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls45.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls45.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls45.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls45_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls45_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls45_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls45_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls46.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls46.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls46.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls46.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls46.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls46.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls46.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls46.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls46.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls46.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls46.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls46.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls46.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls46.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls46.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls46.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls46.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls46.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls46.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls46.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls46.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls46.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls46.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls46.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls46.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls46.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls46.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls46.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls46.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls46_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls46_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls46_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls46_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls47.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls47.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls47.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls47.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls47.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls47.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls47.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls47.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls47.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls47.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls47.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls47.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls47.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls47.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls47.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls47.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls47.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls47.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls47.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls47.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls47.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls47.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls47.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls47.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls47.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls47.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls47.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls47.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls47.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls47_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls47_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls47_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls47_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls48.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls48.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls48.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls48.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls48.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls48.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls48.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls48.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls48.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls48.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls48.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls48.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls48.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls48.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls48.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls48.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls48.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls48.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls48.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls48.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls48.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls48.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls48.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls48.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls48.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls48.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls48.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls48.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls48.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls48_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls48_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls48_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls48_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls49.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls49.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls49.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls49.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls49.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls49.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls49.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls49.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls49.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls49.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls49.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls49.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls49.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls49.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls49.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls49.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls49.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls49.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls49.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls49.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls49.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls49.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls49.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls49.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls49.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls49.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls49.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls49.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls49.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls49_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls49_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls49_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls49_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls50.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls50.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls50.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls50.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls50.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls50.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls50.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls50.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls50.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls50.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls50.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls50.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls50.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls50.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls50.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls50.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls50.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls50.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls50.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls50.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls50.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls50.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls50.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls50.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls50.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls50.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls50.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls50.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls50.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls50_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls50_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls50_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls50_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls51.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls51.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls51.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls51.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls51.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls51.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls51.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls51.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls51.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls51.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls51.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls51.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls51.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls51.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls51.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls51.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls51.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls51.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls51.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls51.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls51.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls51.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls51.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls51.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls51.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls51.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls51.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls51.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls51.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls51_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls51_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls51_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls51_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls52.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls52.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls52.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls52.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls52.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls52.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls52.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls52.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls52.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls52.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls52.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls52.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls52.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls52.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls52.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls52.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls52.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls52.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls52.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls52.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls52.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls52.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls52.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls52.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls52.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls52.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls52.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls52.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls52.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls52_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls52_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls52_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls52_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls53.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls53.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls53.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls53.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls53.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls53.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls53.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls53.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls53.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls53.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls53.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls53.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls53.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls53.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls53.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls53.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls53.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls53.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls53.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls53.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls53.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls53.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls53.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls53.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls53.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls53.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls53.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls53.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls53.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls53_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls53_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls53_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls53_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls54.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls54.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls54.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls54.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls54.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls54.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls54.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls54.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls54.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls54.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls54.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls54.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls54.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls54.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls54.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls54.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls54.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls54.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls54.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls54.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls54.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls54.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls54.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls54.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls54.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls54.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls54.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls54.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls54.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls54_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls54_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls54_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls54_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls55.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls55.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls55.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls55.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls55.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls55.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls55.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls55.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls55.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls55.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls55.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls55.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls55.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls55.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls55.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls55.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls55.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls55.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls55.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls55.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls55.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls55.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls55.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls55.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls55.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls55.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls55.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls55.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls55.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls55_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls55_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls55_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls55_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls56.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls56.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls56.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls56.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls56.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls56.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls56.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls56.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls56.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls56.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls56.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls56.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls56.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls56.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls56.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls56.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls56.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls56.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls56.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls56.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls56.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls56.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls56.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls56.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls56.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls56.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls56.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls56.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls56.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls56_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls56_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls56_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls56_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls57.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls57.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls57.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls57.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls57.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls57.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls57.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls57.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls57.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls57.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls57.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls57.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls57.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls57.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls57.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls57.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls57.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls57.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls57.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls57.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls57.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls57.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls57.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls57.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls57.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls57.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls57.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls57.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls57.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls57_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls57_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls57_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls57_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls58.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls58.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls58.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls58.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls58.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls58.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls58.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls58.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls58.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls58.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls58.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls58.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls58.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls58.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls58.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls58.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls58.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls58.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls58.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls58.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls58.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls58.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls58.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls58.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls58.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls58.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls58.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls58.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls58.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls58_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls58_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls58_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls58_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls59.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls59.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls59.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls59.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls59.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls59.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls59.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls59.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls59.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls59.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls59.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls59.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls59.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls59.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls59.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls59.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls59.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls59.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls59.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls59.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls59.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls59.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls59.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls59.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls59.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls59.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls59.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls59.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls59.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls59_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls59_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls59_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls59_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls60.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls60.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls60.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls60.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls60.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls60.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls60.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls60.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls60.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls60.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls60.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls60.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls60.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls60.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls60.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls60.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls60.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls60.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls60.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls60.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls60.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls60.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls60.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls60.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls60.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls60.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls60.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls60.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls60.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls60_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls60_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls60_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls60_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls61.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls61.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls61.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls61.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls61.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls61.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls61.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls61.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls61.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls61.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls61.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls61.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls61.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls61.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls61.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls61.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls61.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls61.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls61.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls61.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls61.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls61.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls61.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls61.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls61.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls61.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls61.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls61.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls61.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls61_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls61_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls61_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls61_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls62.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls62.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls62.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls62.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls62.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls62.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls62.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls62.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls62.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls62.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls62.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls62.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls62.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls62.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls62.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls62.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls62.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls62.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls62.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls62.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls62.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls62.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls62.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls62.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls62.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls62.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls62.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls62.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls62.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls62_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls62_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls62_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls62_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls63.priorityMinLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls63.priorityMaxLatency    0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls63.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls63.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls63.numStayReadState                 2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls63.numStayWriteState                0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls63.readReqs                         0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls63.writeReqs                        0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls63.readBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.writeBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadDRAM                    0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesWritten                     0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesReadSys                     0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls63.bytesWrittenSys                  0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls63.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls63.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls63.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankRdBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::0               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::1               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::2               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::3               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::4               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::5               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::6               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::7               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::8               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::9               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::10              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::11              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::12              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::13              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::14              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.perBankWrBursts::15              0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls63.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls63.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls63.totGap                           0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::5                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.readPktSize::6                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::5                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.writePktSize::6                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls63.totQLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls63.totMemAccLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls63.totBusLat                        0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls63.avgQLat                        nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.avgBusLat                      nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.avgMemAccLat                   nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdBW                       0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrBW                       0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrBWSys                    0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.peakBW                    12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtil                       0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtilRead                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls63.busUtilWrite                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls63.avgRdQLen                     0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls63.avgWrQLen                     0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls63.readRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls63.writeRowHits                     0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls63.readRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls63.writeRowHitRate                nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls63.avgGap                         nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls63.pageHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls63_0.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls63_0.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.actEnergy                      0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.preEnergy                      0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.readEnergy                     0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.writeEnergy                    0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.refreshEnergy       614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.actBackEnergy             112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.preBackEnergy            2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.actPowerDownEnergy             0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.prePowerDownEnergy       2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.selfRefreshEnergy        8813520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.totalEnergy             15427824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.averagePower          308.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls63_1.totalIdleTime               7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        34422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls63_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples      1919076                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1919076    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total      1919076                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples        1919034                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean                 1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean                1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1919034    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total          1919034                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1919034                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1919034    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1919034                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085938                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12884.912042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177456                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2423.805724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013880                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22882.898862                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087798                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12970.867503                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175916                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2409.817284                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22982.402092                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085958                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12813.916902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.171717                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2423.234955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22919.738205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085418                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12889.654507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.176196                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2379.348213                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22914.338393                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087178                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12821.360233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178416                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2324.200676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014720                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22901.991540                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12777.867023                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178456                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2308.020700                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013320                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22888.916282                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12818.770385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177156                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2425.362373                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014600                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22951.180736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085798                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12682.266875                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.179376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2413.389472                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23002.643547                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084638                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12752.118398                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175576                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2323.559929                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014900                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22970.203376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086718                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12797.653367                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2421.964541                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014480                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22850.129937                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085318                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12745.785704                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.172157                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2342.434691                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014520                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22910.947541                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087738                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12896.109358                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175576                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2376.528609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013700                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22952.500990                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084338                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12951.208736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175236                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2250.385052                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22880.236315                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12813.754005                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2357.128497                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014360                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22941.030219                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.088878                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12904.136477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175696                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2353.157677                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22908.854763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12892.646847                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177316                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2321.493330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22907.161857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12714.465231                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.180016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2298.284614                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014620                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22919.970421                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084758                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12873.352713                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178616                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2339.661787                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22896.853063                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086058                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12959.888142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177936                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2313.224376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22896.257955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12825.292654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.176076                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2398.547029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014760                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22917.715866                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12980.407132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177476                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2363.747845                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014820                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22866.209696                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12815.207356                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.180236                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2323.602868                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22867.752405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12803.228075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.173697                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2349.036439                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22907.904802                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085658                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12766.102898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.171697                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2452.303174                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014820                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22915.498790                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12903.340793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.176516                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2389.773265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22895.491290                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12863.351553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.179356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2290.580568                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22938.580988                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12874.557829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.174857                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2401.310334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014420                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22891.770005                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087278                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12710.201096                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2371.933381                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22948.218616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085538                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 13032.759225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2345.302774                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22952.828483                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085958                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12758.783244                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2432.397712                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014580                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22919.644887                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12815.765625                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177736                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2432.181856                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015300                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22975.253115                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.088138                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 13108.492670                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175416                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2313.776484                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014860                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22900.603508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086238                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12910.110298                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.173997                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2342.623728                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22903.045459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084658                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12947.385892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2357.181476                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014980                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22907.968101                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084638                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 13160.156897                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177736                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2353.707286                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014940                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22943.523850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 13067.092038                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177656                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2348.108678                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014840                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22978.649147                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.088418                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12849.436791                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177256                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2366.485890                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015560                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22884.903162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12902.730185                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178736                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2434.393012                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014860                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22864.830983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086778                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12924.291674                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.180836                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2436.752445                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22950.681346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085098                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12787.626367                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178976                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2346.381092                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014620                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22929.325233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086798                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12893.730285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.176636                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2349.990680                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22851.840083                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084698                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 13030.566009                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175456                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2373.197116                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22931.576948                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12990.576348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.173437                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2420.362773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014860                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22923.202136                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084738                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12902.427471                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.179116                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2490.707206                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013680                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22945.810064                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084838                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12758.281094                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178976                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2384.557469                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013880                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22954.489110                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.083718                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12809.288394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175236                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2380.498570                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22971.008020                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087638                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 13018.305474                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.174637                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2424.780684                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014960                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22900.965061                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.088038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12916.302234                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175136                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2364.662507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22986.358713                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087178                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12897.517650                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.176616                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2485.104478                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014360                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22928.481570                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085498                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12781.070359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.176896                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2431.649827                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014240                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22871.420472                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085998                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12837.765645                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178736                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2512.408652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014500                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22882.312834                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084878                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12812.471131                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.176496                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2481.311574                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014420                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22888.337513                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085478                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12778.777944                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.176336                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2411.914502                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014780                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22908.638607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084858                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12859.150477                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.174197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2419.165557                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014420                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22874.890882                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.089038                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12930.965041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175156                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2424.994040                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22935.082438                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086438                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 13009.375312                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.173177                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2440.982660                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22944.234315                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087758                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12898.291734                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178476                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2336.454031                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22851.072819                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085638                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12930.706626                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.178776                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2442.482290                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22917.246635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084758                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12895.764525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.179176                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2419.056119                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22942.047019                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084818                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12836.715546                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.176476                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2392.061139                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014440                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22966.782544                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.085198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12895.086898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175756                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2428.933321                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014300                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22937.522870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.086858                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12886.140577                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.177836                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2297.357633                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.015260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22959.609888                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.084258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12747.678666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.175036                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2281.872623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.014560                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 22917.368073                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.087158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.forwardToDir.avg_stall_time 12985.891362                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.179676                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2311.156757                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.013760                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.responseToDir.avg_stall_time 23000.595088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3563.302594                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17542.405232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.597368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     9.452271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    42.915942                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4830.734565                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 24027.754145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3269.150377                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16239.620688                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.598908                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     9.129077                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    40.268655                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4686.029559                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23694.034419                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2788.399492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 14127.581448                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.594008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    22.305834                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   102.817784                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4490.177296                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22772.299774                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1749.658847                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  8742.697226                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    15.656547                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    71.604868                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4429.654387                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22356.105198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2152.908502                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10823.569249                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    39.662667                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   189.185156                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4482.250395                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22451.959621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3057.636947                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15683.598588                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.597308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999900                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   100.525489                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   488.536409                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4650.639947                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23234.330353                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3766.326373                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 19078.384812                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601688                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   552.742445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2779.508050                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4950.705606                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23760.067479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2878.038319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 14545.660687                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599288                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    29.772925                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   137.843043                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4641.274795                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23049.177956                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3820.150477                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 19074.204436                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.600108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1318.949161                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  6651.396612                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4803.715846                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23742.884462                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3890.527769                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 19109.457051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.605308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1545.994260                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  7775.243675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4852.746905                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23839.348113                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3231.730465                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16077.112158                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.598388                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   134.992900                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   667.475130                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4617.577268                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23060.197756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2138.044299                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10744.936281                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599288                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    31.223716                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   147.494150                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4454.434371                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22347.003280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1829.420212                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  9055.656747                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.597128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999920                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     5.723586                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    24.760405                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4619.778144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22903.571329                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2301.343393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 11531.261255                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.597208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    28.776544                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   133.106158                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4519.909322                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22751.187456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3194.369873                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16179.769225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.600268                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   447.381192                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2186.377712                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4669.678626                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23478.851903                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3898.749185                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 19151.922602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599288                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1093.455731                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  5488.146697                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4784.329253                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23797.362093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3026.445711                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15090.674607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    48.593448                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   237.762785                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4731.760525                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23298.178496                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3838.820244                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18954.536689                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.600388                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   918.648287                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  4533.453551                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4714.081478                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23705.795424                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3945.334273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 19605.429811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.600848                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1028.546629                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  5128.169177                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4751.699106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23657.568049                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3184.692026                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15830.847783                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.602208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    74.890702                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   362.149637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4658.450971                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23073.867743                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2159.635747                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10622.016640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601308                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    31.902382                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   154.446191                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4559.554429                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22577.254255                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2287.520490                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 11521.327153                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.595008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    19.818804                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    92.192776                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4543.958661                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22804.431591                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3209.420392                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16512.773165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.595708                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    55.441691                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   265.962881                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4655.722846                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23017.292834                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   154.035079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time   777.342293                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.596268                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     4.310034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    17.238335                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4505.047919                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22624.958861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3824.837383                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 19276.239835                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.597388                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   417.782964                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2078.494190                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4805.289274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23873.207216                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3086.453011                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15406.345753                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601208                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    20.623988                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    94.596068                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4697.546349                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23044.583608                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3654.810824                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18209.260595                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.598808                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   998.917342                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  4956.120098                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4645.865143                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23571.269835                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3712.403572                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18870.021900                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.600148                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1356.227795                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  6699.553349                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4748.347933                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23581.560189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3076.328553                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15040.478410                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.597328                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    76.995940                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   376.686686                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4595.623868                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22933.471271                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2095.423792                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10361.966661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.603608                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    26.389152                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   122.098578                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4545.460851                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22478.061419                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2081.081878                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10285.801824                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.602728                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    18.478470                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    84.470331                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4600.045879                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22829.959341                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3152.558149                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15758.522110                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.597608                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    37.493590                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   181.576628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4718.907022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23166.581268                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3736.595248                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18745.525689                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599188                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    94.031379                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   455.800984                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4762.605508                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23758.566069                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2739.921042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 13738.175176                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599788                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    13.812584                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    62.732145                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4578.083338                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23126.042239                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   844.259995                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  4174.079738                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.600768                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     8.267375                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    34.550629                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4497.443571                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22610.720286                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3051.486250                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15126.548029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.600028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1472.523170                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  7388.315754                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4741.772445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23356.457651                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3302.874843                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16578.995700                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599708                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2016.818984                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 10008.151877                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4716.427851                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23422.016500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2653.861663                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 13274.568649                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   452.548849                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2252.636367                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4594.932701                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22751.703866                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2257.150597                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 11335.121298                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601468                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   104.773185                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   510.270815                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4442.019800                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22177.868763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2389.720466                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 11863.967781                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.602048                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   107.396312                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   528.585628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4545.066079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22395.680306                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2949.012300                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 14723.112918                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.598488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   538.267195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2749.285274                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4711.088318                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23125.996600                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3569.823384                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 17789.026819                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601408                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1262.949421                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  6320.539189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4801.361413                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23524.803724                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2378.445591                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 11908.633187                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.596848                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    50.007000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   238.518390                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4614.597648                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22834.945121                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2993.883582                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15054.528809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601508                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1669.294714                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  8398.563649                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4739.252775                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23097.885782                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3278.936461                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16429.080238                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.602368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2165.788404                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 10683.072139                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4630.915942                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23094.074259                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2119.738205                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10568.704446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599728                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     9.481010                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    41.906162                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4595.563969                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23283.233775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2616.022860                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 13005.580508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.596168                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   959.636307                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  4877.152257                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4504.916982                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22321.226835                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2363.986540                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 11759.845623                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599768                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   585.752665                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2914.730925                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4366.274255                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 21829.377492                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2332.999980                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 11686.046939                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.602488                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   823.783184                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  4097.062799                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4496.228875                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22070.694246                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2732.879122                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 13950.698506                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.598148                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1431.079638                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  7057.932481                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4524.069799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22614.443191                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3403.156037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16691.195676                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599588                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2220.359313                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time 11244.138557                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4665.625367                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23484.700546                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2326.020740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 11584.718846                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.596568                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   486.311974                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2466.621148                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4497.497650                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22536.018160                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2114.184016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 10501.204756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.600968                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   437.204596                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  2167.021760                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4573.107698                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22472.436231                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3104.834363                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 15415.569129                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601768                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1803.655107                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  8972.488510                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4735.468771                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23287.045059                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2717.261695                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 13680.697406                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.598228                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1098.785824                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  5446.093058                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4495.677506                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22531.098918                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2557.874863                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 12620.508070                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601708                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1032.008100                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  5142.374913                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4494.728985                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22469.723126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3206.957081                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16028.902962                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601968                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    14.748925                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    66.309794                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4817.498910                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23845.759605                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2684.027359                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 13359.820844                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.602508                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1099.182696                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  5437.526849                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4611.459331                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22727.971941                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2971.495290                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 14585.075058                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.602648                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1690.108818                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  8340.015500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4529.865583                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 22821.789084                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3352.937241                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 16597.644687                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.599588                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999980                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1832.019140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  9247.911662                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4598.161997                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23212.104638                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  1254.246655                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time  6194.373933                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.598828                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs    58.176296                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time   281.116618                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4306.081478                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 21452.996840                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  2276.988040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 11496.724946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.597828                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     7.382972                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time    31.659807                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4729.611928                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23480.763305                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3695.759265                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18239.525269                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.601108                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   380.330113                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  1880.510050                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4757.967101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23494.188056                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.forwardFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  3721.229395                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.forwardFromCache.avg_stall_time 18409.102438                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.600628                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs   662.277354                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time  3319.785204                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.responseFromCache.avg_buf_msgs  4687.039639                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.responseFromCache.avg_stall_time 23589.693946                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads        51463                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes        51463                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_input_arbiter_activity        53394                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_output_arbiter_activity        51442                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity        51442                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads        82466                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes        82466                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_input_arbiter_activity        99554                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_output_arbiter_activity        82424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity        82424                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads       106780                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes       106780                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_input_arbiter_activity       133122                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_output_arbiter_activity       106737                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity       106737                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads       121821                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes       121821                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_input_arbiter_activity       158921                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_output_arbiter_activity       121774                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity       121774                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads       122892                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes       122892                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_input_arbiter_activity       160161                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_output_arbiter_activity       122839                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity       122839                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads       108368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes       108368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_input_arbiter_activity       136989                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_output_arbiter_activity       108336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity       108336                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads        85529                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes        85529                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_input_arbiter_activity       105158                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_output_arbiter_activity        85494                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity        85494                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads        56688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes        56688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_input_arbiter_activity        58975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_output_arbiter_activity        56672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity        56672                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads        81925                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes        81925                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_input_arbiter_activity        95134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_output_arbiter_activity        81907                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity        81907                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads       109711                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes       109711                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_input_arbiter_activity       141499                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_output_arbiter_activity       109671                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity       109671                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads       131955                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes       131955                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_input_arbiter_activity       169636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_output_arbiter_activity       131903                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity       131903                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads       145823                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes       145823                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_input_arbiter_activity       191546                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_output_arbiter_activity       145764                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity       145764                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads       146352                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes       146352                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_input_arbiter_activity       191806                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_output_arbiter_activity       146298                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity       146298                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads       131960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes       131960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_input_arbiter_activity       171479                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_output_arbiter_activity       131911                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity       131911                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       112188                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       112188                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_input_arbiter_activity       143430                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_output_arbiter_activity       112141                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       112141                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads        86437                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes        86437                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_input_arbiter_activity       100388                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_output_arbiter_activity        86418                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity        86418                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads        97924                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes        97924                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_input_arbiter_activity       119854                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_output_arbiter_activity        97897                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity        97897                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       122996                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       122996                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_input_arbiter_activity       158636                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_output_arbiter_activity       122936                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       122936                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads       144881                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes       144881                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_input_arbiter_activity       187620                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_output_arbiter_activity       144831                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity       144831                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads       159013                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes       159013                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_input_arbiter_activity       209556                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_output_arbiter_activity       158961                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity       158961                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads       158977                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes       158977                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_input_arbiter_activity       208963                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_output_arbiter_activity       158922                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity       158922                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads       145139                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes       145139                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_input_arbiter_activity       190062                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_output_arbiter_activity       145082                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity       145082                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       127364                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       127364                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_input_arbiter_activity       165581                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_output_arbiter_activity       127314                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       127314                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       104100                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       104100                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_input_arbiter_activity       125627                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_output_arbiter_activity       104077                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       104077                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       108286                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       108286                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_input_arbiter_activity       133495                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_output_arbiter_activity       108255                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       108255                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       133786                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       133786                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_input_arbiter_activity       173210                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_output_arbiter_activity       133720                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       133720                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       155417                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       155417                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_input_arbiter_activity       201664                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_output_arbiter_activity       155363                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       155363                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads       169704                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes       169704                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_input_arbiter_activity       222443                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_output_arbiter_activity       169636                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity       169636                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       169774                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       169774                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_input_arbiter_activity       222552                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_output_arbiter_activity       169709                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       169709                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       157147                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       157147                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_input_arbiter_activity       205477                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_output_arbiter_activity       157091                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       157091                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       138495                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       138495                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_input_arbiter_activity       180250                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_output_arbiter_activity       138437                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       138437                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       113770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       113770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_input_arbiter_activity       138950                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_output_arbiter_activity       113738                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       113738                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers32.buffer_reads       109046                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.buffer_writes       109046                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.sw_input_arbiter_activity       133199                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.sw_output_arbiter_activity       109008                      
system.ruby.network.routers32.crossbar_activity       109008                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers33.buffer_reads       135433                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.buffer_writes       135433                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.sw_input_arbiter_activity       173769                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.sw_output_arbiter_activity       135385                      
system.ruby.network.routers33.crossbar_activity       135385                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers34.buffer_reads       158098                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.buffer_writes       158098                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.sw_input_arbiter_activity       203892                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.sw_output_arbiter_activity       158040                      
system.ruby.network.routers34.crossbar_activity       158040                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers35.buffer_reads       172794                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.buffer_writes       172794                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.sw_input_arbiter_activity       226336                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.sw_output_arbiter_activity       172741                      
system.ruby.network.routers35.crossbar_activity       172741                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers36.buffer_reads       172639                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.buffer_writes       172639                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.sw_input_arbiter_activity       226898                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.sw_output_arbiter_activity       172573                      
system.ruby.network.routers36.crossbar_activity       172573                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers37.buffer_reads       160051                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.buffer_writes       160051                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.sw_input_arbiter_activity       209030                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.sw_output_arbiter_activity       159987                      
system.ruby.network.routers37.crossbar_activity       159987                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers38.buffer_reads       141257                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.buffer_writes       141257                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.sw_input_arbiter_activity       182919                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.sw_output_arbiter_activity       141206                      
system.ruby.network.routers38.crossbar_activity       141206                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers39.buffer_reads       114840                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.buffer_writes       114840                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.sw_input_arbiter_activity       139873                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.sw_output_arbiter_activity       114805                      
system.ruby.network.routers39.crossbar_activity       114805                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers40.buffer_reads       100536                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.buffer_writes       100536                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.sw_input_arbiter_activity       121026                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.sw_output_arbiter_activity       100512                      
system.ruby.network.routers40.crossbar_activity       100512                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers41.buffer_reads       127185                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.buffer_writes       127185                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.sw_input_arbiter_activity       163213                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.sw_output_arbiter_activity       127139                      
system.ruby.network.routers41.crossbar_activity       127139                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers42.buffer_reads       150715                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.buffer_writes       150715                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.sw_input_arbiter_activity       195253                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.sw_output_arbiter_activity       150654                      
system.ruby.network.routers42.crossbar_activity       150654                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers43.buffer_reads       165757                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.buffer_writes       165757                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.sw_input_arbiter_activity       217774                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.sw_output_arbiter_activity       165716                      
system.ruby.network.routers43.crossbar_activity       165716                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers44.buffer_reads       165647                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.buffer_writes       165647                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.sw_input_arbiter_activity       218727                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.sw_output_arbiter_activity       165589                      
system.ruby.network.routers44.crossbar_activity       165589                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers45.buffer_reads       152532                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.buffer_writes       152532                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.sw_input_arbiter_activity       199034                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.sw_output_arbiter_activity       152476                      
system.ruby.network.routers45.crossbar_activity       152476                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers46.buffer_reads       132446                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.buffer_writes       132446                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.sw_input_arbiter_activity       173173                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.sw_output_arbiter_activity       132396                      
system.ruby.network.routers46.crossbar_activity       132396                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers47.buffer_reads       106657                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.buffer_writes       106657                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.sw_input_arbiter_activity       127602                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.sw_output_arbiter_activity       106618                      
system.ruby.network.routers47.crossbar_activity       106618                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers48.buffer_reads        81616                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.buffer_writes        81616                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.sw_input_arbiter_activity        96716                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.sw_output_arbiter_activity        81586                      
system.ruby.network.routers48.crossbar_activity        81586                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers49.buffer_reads       109080                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.buffer_writes       109080                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.sw_input_arbiter_activity       140096                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.sw_output_arbiter_activity       109040                      
system.ruby.network.routers49.crossbar_activity       109040                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers50.buffer_reads       133090                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.buffer_writes       133090                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.sw_input_arbiter_activity       172082                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.sw_output_arbiter_activity       133042                      
system.ruby.network.routers50.crossbar_activity       133042                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers51.buffer_reads       146612                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.buffer_writes       146612                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.sw_input_arbiter_activity       193025                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.sw_output_arbiter_activity       146572                      
system.ruby.network.routers51.crossbar_activity       146572                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers52.buffer_reads       145761                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.buffer_writes       145761                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.sw_input_arbiter_activity       191927                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.sw_output_arbiter_activity       145700                      
system.ruby.network.routers52.crossbar_activity       145700                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers53.buffer_reads       133270                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.buffer_writes       133270                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.sw_input_arbiter_activity       172952                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.sw_output_arbiter_activity       133219                      
system.ruby.network.routers53.crossbar_activity       133219                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers54.buffer_reads       112801                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.buffer_writes       112801                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.sw_input_arbiter_activity       147188                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.sw_output_arbiter_activity       112754                      
system.ruby.network.routers54.crossbar_activity       112754                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers55.buffer_reads        87690                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.buffer_writes        87690                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.sw_input_arbiter_activity       103803                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.sw_output_arbiter_activity        87643                      
system.ruby.network.routers55.crossbar_activity        87643                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers56.buffer_reads        58428                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.buffer_writes        58428                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.sw_input_arbiter_activity        61872                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.sw_output_arbiter_activity        58409                      
system.ruby.network.routers56.crossbar_activity        58409                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers57.buffer_reads        85260                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.buffer_writes        85260                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.sw_input_arbiter_activity       108070                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.sw_output_arbiter_activity        85214                      
system.ruby.network.routers57.crossbar_activity        85214                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers58.buffer_reads       107706                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.buffer_writes       107706                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.sw_input_arbiter_activity       138701                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.sw_output_arbiter_activity       107656                      
system.ruby.network.routers58.crossbar_activity       107656                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers59.buffer_reads       120083                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.buffer_writes       120083                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.sw_input_arbiter_activity       156756                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.sw_output_arbiter_activity       120044                      
system.ruby.network.routers59.crossbar_activity       120044                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers60.buffer_reads       119430                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.buffer_writes       119430                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.sw_input_arbiter_activity       156275                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.sw_output_arbiter_activity       119372                      
system.ruby.network.routers60.crossbar_activity       119372                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers61.buffer_reads       108411                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.buffer_writes       108411                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.sw_input_arbiter_activity       140243                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.sw_output_arbiter_activity       108356                      
system.ruby.network.routers61.crossbar_activity       108356                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers62.buffer_reads        89150                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.buffer_writes        89150                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.sw_input_arbiter_activity       112854                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.sw_output_arbiter_activity        89104                      
system.ruby.network.routers62.crossbar_activity        89104                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers63.buffer_reads        63874                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.buffer_writes        63874                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.sw_input_arbiter_activity        67428                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.sw_output_arbiter_activity        63843                      
system.ruby.network.routers63.crossbar_activity        63843                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links000.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links000.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links001.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links002.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links003.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links004.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links005.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links006.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links007.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links008.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links009.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links010.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links011.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links012.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links013.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links014.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links015.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links016.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links017.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links018.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links019.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links020.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links021.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links022.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links023.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links024.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links025.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links026.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links027.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links028.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links029.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links030.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links031.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links032.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links033.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links034.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links035.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links036.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links037.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links038.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links039.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links040.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links041.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links042.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links043.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links044.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links045.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links046.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links047.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links048.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links049.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links050.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links051.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links052.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links053.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links054.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links055.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links056.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links057.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links058.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links059.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links060.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links061.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links062.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links063.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links064.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links065.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links066.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links067.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links068.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links069.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links070.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links071.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links072.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links073.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links074.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links075.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links076.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links077.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links078.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links079.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links080.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links081.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links082.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links083.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links084.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links085.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links086.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links087.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links088.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links089.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links090.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links091.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links092.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links093.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links094.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links095.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links096.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links097.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links098.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links099.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links100.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links101.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links102.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links103.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links104.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links105.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links106.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links107.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links108.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links109.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links110.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links111.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links112.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links112.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links113.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links113.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links114.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links114.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links115.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links115.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links116.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links116.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links117.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links117.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links118.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links118.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links119.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links119.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links120.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links120.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links121.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links121.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links122.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links122.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links123.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links123.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links124.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links124.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links125.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links125.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links126.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links126.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links127.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links127.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links128.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links128.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links129.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links129.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links130.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links130.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links131.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links131.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links132.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links132.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links133.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links133.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links134.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links134.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links135.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links135.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links136.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links136.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links137.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links137.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links138.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links138.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links139.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links139.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links140.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links140.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links141.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links141.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links142.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links142.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links143.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links143.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links144.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links144.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links145.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links145.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links146.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links146.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links147.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links147.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links148.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links148.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links149.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links149.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links150.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links150.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links151.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links151.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links152.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links152.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links153.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links153.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links154.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links154.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links155.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links155.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links156.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links156.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links157.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links157.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links158.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links158.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links159.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links159.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links160.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links160.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links161.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links161.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links162.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links162.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links163.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links163.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links164.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links164.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links165.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links165.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links166.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links166.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links167.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links167.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links168.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links168.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links169.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links169.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links170.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links170.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links171.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links171.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links172.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links172.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links173.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links173.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links174.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links174.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links175.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links175.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links176.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links176.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links177.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links177.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links178.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links178.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links179.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links179.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links180.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links180.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links181.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links181.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links182.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links182.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links183.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links183.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links184.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links184.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links185.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links185.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links186.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links186.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links187.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links187.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links188.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links188.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links189.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links189.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links190.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links190.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links191.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links191.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links192.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links192.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links193.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links193.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links194.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links194.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links195.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links195.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links196.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links196.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links197.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links197.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links198.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links198.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links199.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links199.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links200.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links200.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links201.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links201.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links202.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links202.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links203.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links203.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links204.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links204.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links205.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links205.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links206.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links206.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links207.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links207.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links208.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links208.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links209.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links209.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links210.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links210.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links211.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links211.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links212.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links212.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links213.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links213.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links214.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links214.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links215.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links215.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links216.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links216.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links217.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links217.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links218.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links218.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links219.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links219.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links220.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links220.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links221.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links221.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links222.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links222.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links223.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links223.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs000.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs001.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs002.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs003.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs004.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs005.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs006.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs007.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs008.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs009.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs010.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs011.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs012.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs013.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs014.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs015.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs016.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs017.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs018.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs019.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs020.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs021.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs022.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs023.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs024.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs025.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs026.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs027.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs028.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs029.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs030.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs031.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs032.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs033.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs034.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs035.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs036.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs037.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs038.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs039.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs040.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs041.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs042.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs043.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs044.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs045.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs046.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs047.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs048.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs049.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs050.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs051.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs052.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs053.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs054.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs055.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs056.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs057.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs058.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs059.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs060.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs061.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs062.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs063.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs064.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs065.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs066.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs067.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs068.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs069.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs070.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs071.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs072.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs073.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs074.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs075.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs076.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs077.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs078.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs079.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs080.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs081.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs082.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs083.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs084.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs085.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs086.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs087.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs088.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs089.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs090.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs091.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs092.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs093.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs094.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs095.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs096.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs097.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs098.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs099.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs100.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs101.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs102.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs103.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs104.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs105.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs106.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs107.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs108.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs109.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs110.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs111.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs112.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs113.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs114.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs115.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs116.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs117.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs118.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs119.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs120.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs121.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs122.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs123.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs124.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs125.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs126.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs127.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |      565639     63.70%     63.70% |      275594     31.04%     94.74% |       46714      5.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total       887947                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |      566262     63.66%     63.66% |      276202     31.05%     94.71% |       47063      5.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total       889527                      
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |    27883600                       |    29883874                       |    16908241                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |  1348926994                       |  3524768086                       |  1053415750                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency |   49.295752                       |  108.434414                       |  361.952327                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency | 2384.784278                       |12789.712715                       |22550.322173                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency    84.099293                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency  6675.072758                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency  6759.172051                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |      565639     44.82%     44.82% |      275594     21.84%     66.66% |      420743     33.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      1261976                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |      566262     44.73%     44.73% |      276202     21.82%     66.54% |      423567     33.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      1266031                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |    27883600                       |    29883874                       |   137197211                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |  1348926994                       |  3524768086                       |  9495156248                      
system.ruby.network.priority_received    |      565639     44.82%     44.82% |      275594     21.84%     66.66% |      420743     33.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.priority_received::total      1261976                      
system.ruby.network.priority_network_latency |    27883600                       |    29883874                       |   137197211                      
system.ruby.network.priority_queueing_latency |  1348926994                       |  3524768086                       |  9495156248                      
system.ruby.network.average_priority_network_latency |   49.295752                       |  108.434414                       |  326.083170                      
system.ruby.network.average_priority_queueing_latency | 2384.784278                       |12789.712715                       |22567.591732                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency |   49.295752                       |  108.434414                       |  326.083170                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency | 2384.784278                       |12789.712715                       |22567.591732                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency   154.491595                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency 11385.994130                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency 11540.485725                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization      1265253                      
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization      1262005                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization      6591937                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization   182.383900                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |   37.616240     20.62%     20.62% |   24.040860     13.18%     33.81% |   13.532540      7.42%     41.23% |    6.566040      3.60%     44.83% |   22.589080     12.39%     57.21% |   10.498220      5.76%     62.97% |    4.630520      2.54%     65.51% |    2.272120      1.25%     66.75% |   21.504820     11.79%     78.54% |   17.107860      9.38%     87.92% |   12.712400      6.97%     94.89% |    9.313200      5.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total     182.383900                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops             5.219320                      
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        50000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples       639100                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      639100    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total        639100                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       639100                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      639100    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       639100                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples       640188                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      640188    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total        640188                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       640188                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      640188    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       640188                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples       639746                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      639746    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total       639746                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       639746                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      639746    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       639746                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Request |        8873      1.57%      1.57% |        8796      1.56%      3.12% |        8761      1.55%      4.67% |        8585      1.52%      6.19% |        8887      1.57%      7.76% |        8762      1.55%      9.31% |        8924      1.58%     10.89% |        8892      1.57%     12.46% |        8752      1.55%     14.01% |        8984      1.59%     15.60% |        8586      1.52%     17.11% |        8810      1.56%     18.67% |        8921      1.58%     20.25% |        8923      1.58%     21.83% |        8858      1.57%     23.39% |        8969      1.59%     24.98% |        8779      1.55%     26.53% |        8856      1.57%     28.10% |        8608      1.52%     29.62% |        8779      1.55%     31.17% |        8856      1.57%     32.74% |        8785      1.55%     34.29% |        8866      1.57%     35.86% |        9001      1.59%     37.45% |        8931      1.58%     39.03% |        8897      1.57%     40.60% |        8804      1.56%     42.16% |        8873      1.57%     43.72% |        9012      1.59%     45.32% |        8685      1.54%     46.85% |        8826      1.56%     48.41% |        8968      1.59%     50.00% |        8743      1.55%     51.54% |        8919      1.58%     53.12% |        8901      1.57%     54.69% |        8768      1.55%     56.25% |        8887      1.57%     57.82% |        8771      1.55%     59.37% |        8700      1.54%     60.90% |        8901      1.57%     62.48% |        8883      1.57%     64.05% |        8862      1.57%     65.62% |        8937      1.58%     67.20% |        9042      1.60%     68.79% |        8949      1.58%     70.38% |        8832      1.56%     71.94% |        8773      1.55%     73.49% |        8671      1.53%     75.02% |        8956      1.58%     76.61% |        8949      1.58%     78.19% |        8732      1.54%     79.73% |        8757      1.55%     81.28% |        8831      1.56%     82.84% |        8845      1.56%     84.40% |        8937      1.58%     85.98% |        8825      1.56%     87.54% |        8817      1.56%     89.10% |        8710      1.54%     90.64% |        8758      1.55%     92.19% |        8659      1.53%     93.72% |        8939      1.58%     95.30% |        8958      1.58%     96.89% |        8824      1.56%     98.45% |        8787      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Request::total       565632                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Forward |        4296      1.56%      1.56% |        4390      1.59%      3.15% |        4217      1.53%      4.68% |        4282      1.55%      6.24% |        4232      1.54%      7.77% |        4185      1.52%      9.29% |        4388      1.59%     10.88% |        4343      1.58%     12.46% |        4213      1.53%     13.99% |        4358      1.58%     15.57% |        4298      1.56%     17.13% |        4271      1.55%     18.68% |        4359      1.58%     20.26% |        4312      1.56%     21.82% |        4362      1.58%     23.41% |        4289      1.56%     24.96% |        4232      1.54%     26.50% |        4336      1.57%     28.07% |        4266      1.55%     29.62% |        4387      1.59%     31.21% |        4368      1.59%     32.80% |        4444      1.61%     34.41% |        4258      1.55%     35.96% |        4304      1.56%     37.52% |        4238      1.54%     39.05% |        4303      1.56%     40.62% |        4207      1.53%     42.14% |        4310      1.56%     43.71% |        4376      1.59%     45.29% |        4360      1.58%     46.88% |        4202      1.52%     48.40% |        4357      1.58%     49.98% |        4325      1.57%     51.55% |        4364      1.58%     53.14% |        4277      1.55%     54.69% |        4298      1.56%     56.25% |        4273      1.55%     57.80% |        4407      1.60%     59.40% |        4312      1.56%     60.96% |        4233      1.54%     62.50% |        4325      1.57%     64.07% |        4421      1.60%     65.67% |        4311      1.56%     67.24% |        4339      1.57%     68.81% |        4255      1.54%     70.35% |        4340      1.57%     71.93% |        4235      1.54%     73.47% |        4376      1.59%     75.05% |        4237      1.54%     76.59% |        4242      1.54%     78.13% |        4382      1.59%     79.72% |        4401      1.60%     81.32% |        4359      1.58%     82.90% |        4275      1.55%     84.45% |        4299      1.56%     86.01% |        4244      1.54%     87.55% |        4273      1.55%     89.10% |        4242      1.54%     90.64% |        4451      1.62%     92.26% |        4322      1.57%     93.82% |        4282      1.55%     95.38% |        4238      1.54%     96.92% |        4240      1.54%     98.45% |        4260      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Forward::total       275581                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Response |         694      1.49%      1.49% |         734      1.57%      3.06% |         713      1.53%      4.58% |         741      1.59%      6.17% |         746      1.60%      7.77% |         753      1.61%      9.38% |         756      1.62%     11.00% |         763      1.63%     12.63% |         728      1.56%     14.19% |         688      1.47%     15.66% |         733      1.57%     17.23% |         777      1.66%     18.89% |         736      1.58%     20.47% |         666      1.43%     21.90% |         730      1.56%     23.46% |         756      1.62%     25.08% |         745      1.59%     26.67% |         724      1.55%     28.22% |         726      1.55%     29.78% |         685      1.47%     31.24% |         718      1.54%     32.78% |         705      1.51%     34.29% |         763      1.63%     35.92% |         731      1.56%     37.49% |         751      1.61%     39.09% |         732      1.57%     40.66% |         738      1.58%     42.24% |         741      1.59%     43.83% |         722      1.55%     45.37% |         723      1.55%     46.92% |         656      1.40%     48.33% |         683      1.46%     49.79% |         721      1.54%     51.33% |         739      1.58%     52.91% |         707      1.51%     54.43% |         728      1.56%     55.99% |         765      1.64%     57.62% |         743      1.59%     59.21% |         737      1.58%     60.79% |         749      1.60%     62.40% |         742      1.59%     63.98% |         778      1.67%     65.65% |         743      1.59%     67.24% |         727      1.56%     68.80% |         731      1.56%     70.36% |         734      1.57%     71.93% |         783      1.68%     73.61% |         743      1.59%     75.20% |         684      1.46%     76.66% |         694      1.49%     78.15% |         748      1.60%     79.75% |         709      1.52%     81.27% |         718      1.54%     82.81% |         712      1.52%     84.33% |         725      1.55%     85.88% |         721      1.54%     87.43% |         739      1.58%     89.01% |         721      1.54%     90.55% |         761      1.63%     92.18% |         787      1.68%     93.86% |         707      1.51%     95.38% |         722      1.55%     96.92% |         722      1.55%     98.47% |         715      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Receive_Response::total        46712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Request |        8873      1.57%      1.57% |        8796      1.56%      3.12% |        8761      1.55%      4.67% |        8585      1.52%      6.19% |        8887      1.57%      7.76% |        8762      1.55%      9.31% |        8924      1.58%     10.89% |        8892      1.57%     12.46% |        8752      1.55%     14.01% |        8984      1.59%     15.60% |        8586      1.52%     17.11% |        8810      1.56%     18.67% |        8921      1.58%     20.25% |        8923      1.58%     21.83% |        8858      1.57%     23.39% |        8969      1.59%     24.98% |        8779      1.55%     26.53% |        8856      1.57%     28.10% |        8608      1.52%     29.62% |        8779      1.55%     31.17% |        8856      1.57%     32.74% |        8785      1.55%     34.29% |        8866      1.57%     35.86% |        9001      1.59%     37.45% |        8931      1.58%     39.03% |        8897      1.57%     40.60% |        8804      1.56%     42.16% |        8873      1.57%     43.72% |        9012      1.59%     45.32% |        8685      1.54%     46.85% |        8826      1.56%     48.41% |        8968      1.59%     50.00% |        8743      1.55%     51.54% |        8919      1.58%     53.12% |        8901      1.57%     54.69% |        8768      1.55%     56.25% |        8887      1.57%     57.82% |        8771      1.55%     59.37% |        8700      1.54%     60.90% |        8901      1.57%     62.48% |        8883      1.57%     64.05% |        8862      1.57%     65.62% |        8937      1.58%     67.20% |        9042      1.60%     68.79% |        8949      1.58%     70.38% |        8832      1.56%     71.94% |        8773      1.55%     73.49% |        8671      1.53%     75.02% |        8956      1.58%     76.61% |        8949      1.58%     78.19% |        8732      1.54%     79.73% |        8757      1.55%     81.28% |        8831      1.56%     82.84% |        8845      1.56%     84.40% |        8937      1.58%     85.98% |        8825      1.56%     87.54% |        8817      1.56%     89.10% |        8710      1.54%     90.64% |        8758      1.55%     92.19% |        8659      1.53%     93.72% |        8939      1.58%     95.30% |        8958      1.58%     96.89% |        8824      1.56%     98.45% |        8787      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Request::total       565632                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Forward |        4296      1.56%      1.56% |        4390      1.59%      3.15% |        4217      1.53%      4.68% |        4282      1.55%      6.24% |        4232      1.54%      7.77% |        4185      1.52%      9.29% |        4388      1.59%     10.88% |        4343      1.58%     12.46% |        4213      1.53%     13.99% |        4358      1.58%     15.57% |        4298      1.56%     17.13% |        4271      1.55%     18.68% |        4359      1.58%     20.26% |        4312      1.56%     21.82% |        4362      1.58%     23.41% |        4289      1.56%     24.96% |        4232      1.54%     26.50% |        4336      1.57%     28.07% |        4266      1.55%     29.62% |        4387      1.59%     31.21% |        4368      1.59%     32.80% |        4444      1.61%     34.41% |        4258      1.55%     35.96% |        4304      1.56%     37.52% |        4238      1.54%     39.05% |        4303      1.56%     40.62% |        4207      1.53%     42.14% |        4310      1.56%     43.71% |        4376      1.59%     45.29% |        4360      1.58%     46.88% |        4202      1.52%     48.40% |        4357      1.58%     49.98% |        4325      1.57%     51.55% |        4364      1.58%     53.14% |        4277      1.55%     54.69% |        4298      1.56%     56.25% |        4273      1.55%     57.80% |        4407      1.60%     59.40% |        4312      1.56%     60.96% |        4233      1.54%     62.50% |        4325      1.57%     64.07% |        4421      1.60%     65.67% |        4311      1.56%     67.24% |        4339      1.57%     68.81% |        4255      1.54%     70.35% |        4340      1.57%     71.93% |        4235      1.54%     73.47% |        4376      1.59%     75.05% |        4237      1.54%     76.59% |        4242      1.54%     78.13% |        4382      1.59%     79.72% |        4401      1.60%     81.32% |        4359      1.58%     82.90% |        4275      1.55%     84.45% |        4299      1.56%     86.01% |        4244      1.54%     87.55% |        4273      1.55%     89.10% |        4242      1.54%     90.64% |        4451      1.62%     92.26% |        4322      1.57%     93.82% |        4282      1.55%     95.38% |        4238      1.54%     96.92% |        4240      1.54%     98.45% |        4260      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Forward::total       275581                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Response |         694      1.49%      1.49% |         734      1.57%      3.06% |         713      1.53%      4.58% |         741      1.59%      6.17% |         746      1.60%      7.77% |         753      1.61%      9.38% |         756      1.62%     11.00% |         763      1.63%     12.63% |         728      1.56%     14.19% |         688      1.47%     15.66% |         733      1.57%     17.23% |         777      1.66%     18.89% |         736      1.58%     20.47% |         666      1.43%     21.90% |         730      1.56%     23.46% |         756      1.62%     25.08% |         745      1.59%     26.67% |         724      1.55%     28.22% |         726      1.55%     29.78% |         685      1.47%     31.24% |         718      1.54%     32.78% |         705      1.51%     34.29% |         763      1.63%     35.92% |         731      1.56%     37.49% |         751      1.61%     39.09% |         732      1.57%     40.66% |         738      1.58%     42.24% |         741      1.59%     43.83% |         722      1.55%     45.37% |         723      1.55%     46.92% |         656      1.40%     48.33% |         683      1.46%     49.79% |         721      1.54%     51.33% |         739      1.58%     52.91% |         707      1.51%     54.43% |         728      1.56%     55.99% |         765      1.64%     57.62% |         743      1.59%     59.21% |         737      1.58%     60.79% |         749      1.60%     62.40% |         742      1.59%     63.98% |         778      1.67%     65.65% |         743      1.59%     67.24% |         727      1.56%     68.80% |         731      1.56%     70.36% |         734      1.57%     71.93% |         783      1.68%     73.61% |         743      1.59%     75.20% |         684      1.46%     76.66% |         694      1.49%     78.15% |         748      1.60%     79.75% |         709      1.52%     81.27% |         718      1.54%     82.81% |         712      1.52%     84.33% |         725      1.55%     85.88% |         721      1.54%     87.43% |         739      1.58%     89.01% |         721      1.54%     90.55% |         761      1.63%     92.18% |         787      1.68%     93.86% |         707      1.51%     95.38% |         722      1.55%     96.92% |         722      1.55%     98.47% |         715      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Receive_Response::total        46712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request   |        9786      1.53%      1.53% |        9991      1.56%      3.09% |        9841      1.54%      4.63% |       10102      1.58%      6.21% |       10040      1.57%      7.79% |       10087      1.58%      9.36% |       10059      1.57%     10.94% |       10010      1.57%     12.50% |       10018      1.57%     14.07% |       10012      1.57%     15.64% |       10008      1.57%     17.20% |       10034      1.57%     18.77% |       10097      1.58%     20.35% |       10001      1.56%     21.92% |        9899      1.55%     23.47% |       10052      1.57%     25.04% |        9907      1.55%     26.59% |        9963      1.56%     28.15% |        9879      1.55%     29.70% |        9985      1.56%     31.26% |       10030      1.57%     32.83% |       10097      1.58%     34.41% |        9876      1.55%     35.95% |        9810      1.53%     37.49% |       10081      1.58%     39.07% |        9968      1.56%     40.62% |       10005      1.57%     42.19% |        9900      1.55%     43.74% |        9973      1.56%     45.30% |       10047      1.57%     46.87% |       10026      1.57%     48.44% |        9978      1.56%     50.00% |       10016      1.57%     51.57% |       10090      1.58%     53.15% |        9740      1.52%     54.67% |       10089      1.58%     56.25% |       10067      1.58%     57.83% |        9875      1.55%     59.37% |       10106      1.58%     60.95% |       10061      1.57%     62.53% |        9951      1.56%     64.08% |       10031      1.57%     65.65% |        9987      1.56%     67.22% |       10087      1.58%     68.79% |        9953      1.56%     70.35% |        9844      1.54%     71.89% |       10052      1.57%     73.46% |        9935      1.55%     75.02% |        9955      1.56%     76.58% |       10087      1.58%     78.15% |        9716      1.52%     79.68% |       10030      1.57%     81.24% |       10013      1.57%     82.81% |       10084      1.58%     84.39% |        9942      1.56%     85.94% |        9865      1.54%     87.49% |        9943      1.56%     89.04% |        9959      1.56%     90.60% |       10084      1.58%     92.18% |       10003      1.57%     93.75% |        9996      1.56%     95.31% |       10100      1.58%     96.89% |        9963      1.56%     98.45% |        9914      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request::total       639100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Forward   |       10123      1.58%      1.58% |       10049      1.57%      3.15% |       10011      1.56%      4.72% |        9828      1.54%      6.25% |       10100      1.58%      7.83% |        9962      1.56%      9.39% |        9961      1.56%     10.95% |        9890      1.55%     12.49% |       10012      1.56%     14.06% |       10094      1.58%     15.64% |        9788      1.53%     17.17% |       10009      1.56%     18.73% |        9994      1.56%     20.29% |        9828      1.54%     21.83% |        9895      1.55%     23.38% |        9905      1.55%     24.92% |       10049      1.57%     26.49% |       10159      1.59%     28.08% |       10033      1.57%     29.65% |       10002      1.56%     31.21% |        9892      1.55%     32.76% |        9965      1.56%     34.32% |       10100      1.58%     35.90% |        9994      1.56%     37.46% |       10061      1.57%     39.03% |       10083      1.58%     40.61% |       10046      1.57%     42.18% |       10115      1.58%     43.76% |        9840      1.54%     45.30% |        9720      1.52%     46.82% |        9870      1.54%     48.36% |        9988      1.56%     49.92% |       10045      1.57%     51.49% |        9850      1.54%     53.03% |       10200      1.59%     54.62% |       10011      1.56%     56.19% |       10013      1.57%     57.75% |        9996      1.56%     59.32% |        9909      1.55%     60.87% |        9965      1.56%     62.42% |       10003      1.56%     63.99% |        9997      1.56%     65.55% |       10079      1.58%     67.13% |       10040      1.57%     68.70% |       10119      1.58%     70.28% |       10000      1.56%     71.84% |        9982      1.56%     73.40% |        9898      1.55%     74.95% |        9919      1.55%     76.50% |       10039      1.57%     78.07% |       10060      1.57%     79.64% |       10011      1.56%     81.20% |       10012      1.56%     82.77% |        9839      1.54%     84.31% |       10104      1.58%     85.89% |        9998      1.56%     87.45% |       10011      1.56%     89.01% |       10037      1.57%     90.58% |        9902      1.55%     92.13% |       10092      1.58%     93.71% |       10050      1.57%     95.28% |       10102      1.58%     96.86% |       10018      1.57%     98.42% |       10079      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Forward::total       639746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Response  |        9960      1.56%      1.56% |        9905      1.55%      3.10% |       10004      1.56%      4.67% |        9883      1.54%      6.21% |        9898      1.55%      7.76% |        9937      1.55%      9.31% |       10078      1.57%     10.88% |        9991      1.56%     12.44% |       10026      1.57%     14.01% |        9926      1.55%     15.56% |        9905      1.55%     17.11% |        9907      1.55%     18.65% |        9970      1.56%     20.21% |       10036      1.57%     21.78% |       10290      1.61%     23.39% |       10007      1.56%     24.95% |       10050      1.57%     26.52% |       10144      1.58%     28.10% |       10007      1.56%     29.67% |        9978      1.56%     31.23% |        9938      1.55%     32.78% |        9951      1.55%     34.33% |        9988      1.56%     35.89% |       10173      1.59%     37.48% |        9877      1.54%     39.02% |        9992      1.56%     40.59% |       10060      1.57%     42.16% |       10050      1.57%     43.73% |        9937      1.55%     45.28% |       10019      1.57%     46.84% |        9973      1.56%     48.40% |       10094      1.58%     49.98% |        9879      1.54%     51.52% |       10067      1.57%     53.09% |        9927      1.55%     54.64% |       10080      1.57%     56.22% |       10056      1.57%     57.79% |       10009      1.56%     59.35% |        9944      1.55%     60.91% |        9963      1.56%     62.46% |       10047      1.57%     64.03% |        9957      1.56%     65.59% |        9985      1.56%     67.15% |        9946      1.55%     68.70% |       10030      1.57%     70.27% |       10081      1.57%     71.84% |       10037      1.57%     73.41% |       10009      1.56%     74.97% |       10202      1.59%     76.57% |        9992      1.56%     78.13% |       10032      1.57%     79.69% |        9948      1.55%     81.25% |       10100      1.58%     82.83% |        9984      1.56%     84.39% |        9934      1.55%     85.94% |        9965      1.56%     87.49% |       10094      1.58%     89.07% |       10093      1.58%     90.65% |        9925      1.55%     92.20% |        9991      1.56%     93.76% |       10080      1.57%     95.33% |        9931      1.55%     96.88% |        9998      1.56%     98.45% |        9948      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Response::total       640188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request |        9786      1.53%      1.53% |        9991      1.56%      3.09% |        9841      1.54%      4.63% |       10102      1.58%      6.21% |       10040      1.57%      7.79% |       10087      1.58%      9.36% |       10059      1.57%     10.94% |       10010      1.57%     12.50% |       10018      1.57%     14.07% |       10012      1.57%     15.64% |       10008      1.57%     17.20% |       10034      1.57%     18.77% |       10097      1.58%     20.35% |       10001      1.56%     21.92% |        9899      1.55%     23.47% |       10052      1.57%     25.04% |        9907      1.55%     26.59% |        9963      1.56%     28.15% |        9879      1.55%     29.70% |        9985      1.56%     31.26% |       10030      1.57%     32.83% |       10097      1.58%     34.41% |        9876      1.55%     35.95% |        9810      1.53%     37.49% |       10081      1.58%     39.07% |        9968      1.56%     40.62% |       10005      1.57%     42.19% |        9900      1.55%     43.74% |        9973      1.56%     45.30% |       10047      1.57%     46.87% |       10026      1.57%     48.44% |        9978      1.56%     50.00% |       10016      1.57%     51.57% |       10090      1.58%     53.15% |        9740      1.52%     54.67% |       10089      1.58%     56.25% |       10067      1.58%     57.83% |        9875      1.55%     59.37% |       10106      1.58%     60.95% |       10061      1.57%     62.53% |        9951      1.56%     64.08% |       10031      1.57%     65.65% |        9987      1.56%     67.22% |       10087      1.58%     68.79% |        9953      1.56%     70.35% |        9844      1.54%     71.89% |       10052      1.57%     73.46% |        9935      1.55%     75.02% |        9955      1.56%     76.58% |       10087      1.58%     78.15% |        9716      1.52%     79.68% |       10030      1.57%     81.24% |       10013      1.57%     82.81% |       10084      1.58%     84.39% |        9942      1.56%     85.94% |        9865      1.54%     87.49% |        9943      1.56%     89.04% |        9959      1.56%     90.60% |       10084      1.58%     92.18% |       10003      1.57%     93.75% |        9996      1.56%     95.31% |       10100      1.58%     96.89% |        9963      1.56%     98.45% |        9914      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request::total       639100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Forward |       10123      1.58%      1.58% |       10049      1.57%      3.15% |       10011      1.56%      4.72% |        9828      1.54%      6.25% |       10100      1.58%      7.83% |        9962      1.56%      9.39% |        9961      1.56%     10.95% |        9890      1.55%     12.49% |       10012      1.56%     14.06% |       10094      1.58%     15.64% |        9788      1.53%     17.17% |       10009      1.56%     18.73% |        9994      1.56%     20.29% |        9828      1.54%     21.83% |        9895      1.55%     23.38% |        9905      1.55%     24.92% |       10049      1.57%     26.49% |       10159      1.59%     28.08% |       10033      1.57%     29.65% |       10002      1.56%     31.21% |        9892      1.55%     32.76% |        9965      1.56%     34.32% |       10100      1.58%     35.90% |        9994      1.56%     37.46% |       10061      1.57%     39.03% |       10083      1.58%     40.61% |       10046      1.57%     42.18% |       10115      1.58%     43.76% |        9840      1.54%     45.30% |        9720      1.52%     46.82% |        9870      1.54%     48.36% |        9988      1.56%     49.92% |       10045      1.57%     51.49% |        9850      1.54%     53.03% |       10200      1.59%     54.62% |       10011      1.56%     56.19% |       10013      1.57%     57.75% |        9996      1.56%     59.32% |        9909      1.55%     60.87% |        9965      1.56%     62.42% |       10003      1.56%     63.99% |        9997      1.56%     65.55% |       10079      1.58%     67.13% |       10040      1.57%     68.70% |       10119      1.58%     70.28% |       10000      1.56%     71.84% |        9982      1.56%     73.40% |        9898      1.55%     74.95% |        9919      1.55%     76.50% |       10039      1.57%     78.07% |       10060      1.57%     79.64% |       10011      1.56%     81.20% |       10012      1.56%     82.77% |        9839      1.54%     84.31% |       10104      1.58%     85.89% |        9998      1.56%     87.45% |       10011      1.56%     89.01% |       10037      1.57%     90.58% |        9902      1.55%     92.13% |       10092      1.58%     93.71% |       10050      1.57%     95.28% |       10102      1.58%     96.86% |       10018      1.57%     98.42% |       10079      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Forward::total       639746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Response |        9960      1.56%      1.56% |        9905      1.55%      3.10% |       10004      1.56%      4.67% |        9883      1.54%      6.21% |        9898      1.55%      7.76% |        9937      1.55%      9.31% |       10078      1.57%     10.88% |        9991      1.56%     12.44% |       10026      1.57%     14.01% |        9926      1.55%     15.56% |        9905      1.55%     17.11% |        9907      1.55%     18.65% |        9970      1.56%     20.21% |       10036      1.57%     21.78% |       10290      1.61%     23.39% |       10007      1.56%     24.95% |       10050      1.57%     26.52% |       10144      1.58%     28.10% |       10007      1.56%     29.67% |        9978      1.56%     31.23% |        9938      1.55%     32.78% |        9951      1.55%     34.33% |        9988      1.56%     35.89% |       10173      1.59%     37.48% |        9877      1.54%     39.02% |        9992      1.56%     40.59% |       10060      1.57%     42.16% |       10050      1.57%     43.73% |        9937      1.55%     45.28% |       10019      1.57%     46.84% |        9973      1.56%     48.40% |       10094      1.58%     49.98% |        9879      1.54%     51.52% |       10067      1.57%     53.09% |        9927      1.55%     54.64% |       10080      1.57%     56.22% |       10056      1.57%     57.79% |       10009      1.56%     59.35% |        9944      1.55%     60.91% |        9963      1.56%     62.46% |       10047      1.57%     64.03% |        9957      1.56%     65.59% |        9985      1.56%     67.15% |        9946      1.55%     68.70% |       10030      1.57%     70.27% |       10081      1.57%     71.84% |       10037      1.57%     73.41% |       10009      1.56%     74.97% |       10202      1.59%     76.57% |        9992      1.56%     78.13% |       10032      1.57%     79.69% |        9948      1.55%     81.25% |       10100      1.58%     82.83% |        9984      1.56%     84.39% |        9934      1.55%     85.94% |        9965      1.56%     87.49% |       10094      1.58%     89.07% |       10093      1.58%     90.65% |        9925      1.55%     92.20% |        9991      1.56%     93.76% |       10080      1.57%     95.33% |        9931      1.55%     96.88% |        9998      1.56%     98.45% |        9948      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Response::total       640188                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
